








5 Practical Examples of How Power Automate (MS Flow) Can Help the Health Care Industry










































































 



















 
 








 
 
Technologies

Planisware Generative AI Project Online AI/ML SharePoint Cloud Big Data

Solutions

Strategy & Consulting

Strategic Portfolio Management R&D Portfolio Management Portfolio Decision Analytics Medical Affairs 
Business Research

Competitive Intelligence EWS Market Assessment 
Business Development & Licensing

Indication and Asset Prioritization Forecasting and Valuation Target Product Profile (TPP) & Partnering Package Preparation Partner Identification and Reach Out 
Commercial

Forecasting and Valuation BI Dashboards Marketing and Digital Services Market Access Sales Analytics 


About Us

About i2e Work at i2e Contact Us

Partners

Partners

Resource Center

Blog Case Studies Webinars Events & News

Planisware Exchange 24 


X
 




















 


5 Practical Examples of How Power Automate (MS Flow) Can Help the Health Care Industry                                

July 23, 2021                                

Automation is no longer a thing of the future, and businesses that embrace it will definitely have an advantage over others. By adopting automation, businesses can focus on other core functionalities and increase their productivity.  
If you need to automate tasks but do want to spend time and money coding applications for it, then Microsoft Power Automate is the solution for you. This is one of the components within the Power Platform and comes with a low code or no code principle. 
Why Power Automate? 
Previously known as Microsoft Flow, Power Automate solution is a cloud-based robotic process automation (RPA) engine that can automate any task and move data from one application to another. This gives you the ability to automate repetitive manual tasks. But what makes Power Automate different from the rest is that you can reap its benefits without the need to write a single line of code. 
Yes, Power Automate is built on the low code or no code principle and gives everyone in the organization the power of automation. 
There are many ways you can use Power Automate to reduce the time spent on repetitive tasks and focus more on other important tasks. 
How Helpful Is Power Automate for the Health Care Industry? 
With pandemics on the rise, the health care industry needs to deliver quality service at a faster pace, and technology can be of immense help. Here are a few scenarios where Power Automate can help deliver quality work within less time. 
Automate distribution of information. 
Be it a pharma manufacturing unit or a hospital, the distribution of information is key. However, sending individual messages to all the employees can become a repetitive task. Using Power Automate, you can connect Microsoft Team with the employee’s mobile texting provider and when you send a message in teams, all the employees will get a message on their mobiles. 
Automate tracking patient information. 
Keeping track of the massive influx of patients can become tedious and a manual task. However, you can automate it with the help of Microsoft 365 and Power Automate. Create a patient registration form using Microsoft Forms, and integrate it into a SharePoint site using Power Automate. All the patient information from the Forms will automatically get onto SharePoint site, which can be used as a standard patient tracking platform. 
Automate fixing appointments. 
Going a level above, you can also use Power Automate to minimize contact and fix appointments virtually. Once the patient fills the details in the Microsoft Forms, Power Automate can then identify key factors within the data and populate the prearranged appointment slots on Microsoft Office 365 calendar based on the staff’s availability. Automatic appointment confirmations can also be sent to the patients, and the receptionist can be notified using SharePoint Online. 
Automate collaborations. 
Collaboration is utmost important when it comes to providing quality health care. Usually, doctors and nursing staff rely on paper notes and to track the patient plans from patient rounds. It becomes tedious for the nursing staff to do the repetitive paperwork and keep track of it. Using components of Power Platform such as Power Apps and Power Automate an application can be created which can distribute the patient information to all the care team members involved.  
Automate legal paperwork. 
Pharma companies need to go through tedious paperwork process for the legal paperwork and validation process. With the help of Power Apps, and Power Automate companies can automate the process of submitting approvals and tracking its process. The app also takes care of all the required documents and stores the information on the cloud which can be accessed from anywhere. 
With Power Automate you can automate most of the manual tasks which can save a lot of time and effort. What more? You can concentrate more on your core responsibilities and find new ways to improve your business.  
We at i2e Consulting are experienced in providing Power Automate consulting services and even design custom solutions for Power Automate. 
Have a few more questions related to Power Automate services? Or do you need help implementing it into your business, then fill in your details and we will contact you. 


Tags: power automate consulting, Power Automate Consulting Services, power automate services 












     Prev Post 

Next Post       







You might also like







Is There a Need for Digital Innovation for SMB Pharma?                                    








Power Bi Dashboards and its contribution to Data Visualization and Advanced Analytics                                    








Microsoft adds RPA to its list of services with Power Automate                                    








Is Your Data Ready for Generative AI: A Guide for Life Sciences Organizations                                      








Change Management- What is it? And Why Should Project Managers Understand and Own it                                     








A Pharma Success Story: How a Generative AI Chatbot Helped in Driving Swift Query Resolution in Clinical Trials                                     








What is Generative AI & How Can Life Sciences Organizations Benefit from it                                     








Common Resource Allocation Challenges and How Digital PPM Solutions can Solve them                                    




















Contact Us




×

 




 








 



 





Solutions 



 Strategy & Consulting 



Business Research 



Business Development and Licensing 



Commercial 





Technologies 



PPM 



AI/ML 



Cloud 



Big Data 





Products 



Executive Dashboards 



Resource Management 



Competitive Intelligence 





About Us 



Blog 



Case Studies 



Contact Us 









© 2024 i2e Consulting. All Rights Reserved. 





Privacy Policy | Disclaimer 





 


Linkedin
 



Facebook
 



Instagram
 

























































