








5 Ways Microsoft PowerApps Can Transform Your Business. - i2e Consulting









































































 



















 
 








 
 
Technologies

Planisware Generative AI Project Online AI/ML SharePoint Cloud Big Data

Solutions

Strategy & Consulting

Strategic Portfolio Management R&D Portfolio Management Portfolio Decision Analytics Medical Affairs 
Business Research

Competitive Intelligence EWS Market Assessment 
Business Development & Licensing

Indication and Asset Prioritization Forecasting and Valuation Target Product Profile (TPP) & Partnering Package Preparation Partner Identification and Reach Out 
Commercial

Forecasting and Valuation BI Dashboards Marketing and Digital Services Market Access Sales Analytics 


About Us

About i2e Work at i2e Contact Us

Partners

Partners

Resource Center

Blog Case Studies Webinars Events & News

Planisware Exchange 24 


X
 




















 


5 Ways Microsoft PowerApps Can Transform Your Business. - i2e Consulting                                

June 18, 2021                                

Apps changed the way the world functions. One app made it easy to shop online, and another helped us to stay connected with friends and family. But these apps are not just for everyday nuances, thanks to Artificial Intelligence (AI) you can now build apps that can manage business data and make informed decisions, all this without writing a single code. How? One word ‘Power Apps.’ Read on as we explain how this solution works. 
What Is Power Apps? 
The Microsoft Power Apps is a Low-Code Application Platform (LCAP) that helps both developers and citizen developers to deploy applications quickly without involving much coding.  
Microsoft power Apps has simplified the application development process. The AI-powered application builder allows anyone from a business analyst to a pro app developer to build apps within less time.  
5 Use Cases of Power Apps 
Power Apps can be used to transform your ideas into working solutions. Check out some of the benefits of Power Apps from our blog. 
Here are a few aspects where apps built using Power Apps can make a big difference in the business processes. 
Sales managers can streamline the sales process. 
In some businesses, sales managers rely on the daily reports provided by the sales representatives through excel sheets. However, scanning through hundreds of excel sheets can be tedious, and you may also miss out on underlying insights.  
Using Power Apps, the sales manager can build an app for the sales representatives to punch in their daily visits, new orders, etc. Now, the sales manager can access the consolidated and individual progress of each sales representative with a single click. He can also extrapolate the data into graphs using Power BI. 
2.  HR managers can automate the employee onboarding process 
Be it a startup or an enterprise, the employee onboarding process needs dedicated resources. However, some tasks of the onboarding process can be automated using an application.  
One of the salient features of the Power Apps is seamless integration with data stored in other office applications such as Outlook, calendars, etc. With Power Apps, the HR manager can build an application that can collaborate resources like policy guides, onboarding forms onto a single platform.  Using this application, the new joiners can set up their office 365 profile, check a to-do list and have access to the company’s HR policies. 
3. The sales team can have hands-on data 
Pharmaceutical industries are subjected to stringent laws and regulations. Such companies must be careful while distributing their products to retailers and their own stores. To make sure the retailers and the floor sales representatives are adhering to the rules, the company must provide the correct information for each product. 
Power Apps can help build an application to determine the attributes and information required for a particular product. Once the attributes are determined, the information can be added and recorded. Thus, giving the suppliers and sales representatives easy access to the product information. 
4.  IT Support Manager can build a service request portal 
Companies can also use Power Apps to develop a service request portal using which the employees can submit help desk tickets, and the IT support manager can assign the tickets to the members of the team. Emails can also be triggered to the user about the progress of the ticket. 
Not only service tickets, but you can also be built applications to collect service requests for facility maintenance, purchase orders, human resources, etc.  
5.  Doctors can make patient registrations smooth and hassle-free. 
Power Apps can also build a patient registration app where patients can register themselves. All this data can be stored in the database. The doctor can then access the details of the patient from the application. Such apps will not only make the registration process smooth but also give the doctor extra time to focus on treating the patients. 
Power Apps is a licensed product included in the Microsoft 365 Enterprise. As Microsoft Gold Panter, i2e Consulting has worked with many small, medium, and large enterprises to build apps using Power apps. If you want to know more, please feel free to contact us. 
These are just a few use cases of Power Apps, there are many other apps that can be easily built. If you have a business idea, then we will help you turn it into a working business solution using Power Apps.  


Tags: Business Benefits of Power Apps, Power Apps in healthcare industry, Power Apps Solutions, Power Apps Solutions in Pharmaceuticals 












     Prev Post 

Next Post       







You might also like







A Pharma Success Story: How a Generative AI Chatbot Helped in Driving Swift Query Resolution in Clinical Trials                                     








Executive Dashboards for Pharmaceutical Companies                                    








Technological Positives of 2020                                    








Unlocking the Potential of Data Lakes in the Life Sciences Industry                                    








Modernize your infrastructure and future-proof  your technology                                    








Why the pharmaceutical industry is investing in Cloud Computing now more than ever?                                    








Customer story: Lilly envisions a workplace where collaboration enables innovation                                    








Democratizing AI to Improve Citizen Health                                    




















Contact Us




×

 




 








 



 





Solutions 



 Strategy & Consulting 



Business Research 



Business Development and Licensing 



Commercial 





Technologies 



PPM 



AI/ML 



Cloud 



Big Data 





Products 



Executive Dashboards 



Resource Management 



Competitive Intelligence 





About Us 



Blog 



Case Studies 



Contact Us 









© 2024 i2e Consulting. All Rights Reserved. 





Privacy Policy | Disclaimer 





 


Linkedin
 



Facebook
 



Instagram
 

























































