








6 Project Management Tasks and How You Can Manage Them Using Planisware.









































































 



















 
 








 
 
Technologies

Planisware Generative AI Project Online AI/ML SharePoint Cloud Big Data

Solutions

Strategy & Consulting

Strategic Portfolio Management R&D Portfolio Management Portfolio Decision Analytics Medical Affairs 
Business Research

Competitive Intelligence EWS Market Assessment 
Business Development & Licensing

Indication and Asset Prioritization Forecasting and Valuation Target Product Profile (TPP) & Partnering Package Preparation Partner Identification and Reach Out 
Commercial

Forecasting and Valuation BI Dashboards Marketing and Digital Services Market Access Sales Analytics 


About Us

About i2e Work at i2e Contact Us

Partners

Partners

Resource Center

Blog Case Studies Webinars Events & News

Planisware Exchange 24 


X
 




















 


6 Project Management Tasks and How You Can Manage Them Using Planisware.                                

August 17, 2021                                

Project Management is the heart and soul of any business. Be it pharma manufacturing or software development well-defined project management ensures superior customer satisfaction, on-time delivery, and efficient use of the resources.  
Project Managers encounter quite a few obstacles while managing different projects. Thanks to Project Portfolio Management (PPM) solutions, most of these obstacles can be taken down. One such solution is the Planisware Orchestra, it is a turnkey solution for end-to-end project management, and is best suited for small and medium-sized companies. 
In this blog, we will explain how project managers can leverage Planisware to efficiently manage the various aspects of project management. 
Idea validation: One of the first and crucial processes in project portfolio management is idea validation. The Project Management Office (PMO) spends hours analyzing all the ideas and selecting one that suits the company’s objectives.  
With Planisware Orchestra: Using Planisware Orchestra, project managers can key in their project ideas and describe its benefits to the company. The PMO also gets a dashboard with a centralized view of all the ideas, so that they can filter, analyze them against the company’s objectives and approve the best ideas quickly. 
Project planning: Once the idea is approved, the project planning phase starts, without a PPM solution, the project manager needs to rely on paperwork or fill excel sheets to plan various tasks and assign them to team members. It will not only be tedious to plan, but also to monitor the resources and allocation of resources. 
With Planisware Orchestra: It is equipped to combine proven planning methods such as Agile, Waterfall, and Stage-Gate. It also comes with standardized project templates to get the teams working together on a clear list of tasks. The PMO can also monitor the progress of the projects and KPIs. 
 Collaborations:  Certain aspects of every project require collaboration between team members. Sharing information and communicating with each other becomes haphazard when the team does not have a common platform to interact.  
With Planisware Orchestra: It provides team members with a common platform to share documents and communicate. It also gives the project manager a shared space to update the team about the key milestones of the project.  
Resource Management: When you have multiple projects in your portfolio, then resource management becomes crucial. Traditionally, project managers do not have a provision to track the need for resources, or their performance. This creates a gap in the demand and supply of resources between various projects. 
With Planisware Orchestra: Be it role-based, or named resources, or complex assignment rules, or supply-demand visibility project managers can configure these resource management rules that fit best for their workflow requirements. Orchestra can also help in anticipating team capacity and availability, optimize workloads, and get a single timesheet for all resources and activities. 
Reporting: This is another important aspect of project management. Reports help both the project manager and the higher management team to be informed about the various aspects of the project. Many a time companies end up wasting resources and time in manual report generation. Even then, they may miss some crucial hidden insights. 
With Planisware Orchestra: It comes with an automatic report generation module that not only eliminates manual work but also consolidates key project indicators into reports. It also automatically creates visuals such as tables, graphs, etc., based on the data collected by your team. 
Cost Management: Planning the budget and staying within it is important for both the project manager and the higher management. Without a proper system to plan, and track the utilization of budget, projects are at substantial risk of exceeding the initial budget. 
With Planisware Orchestra: Project Managers can plan and monitor the budget allocations to a project. They can also analyze the financial performance of projects in real-time right down to man-days, expenses, materials, and equipment. It also gives a centralized view of project costs both planned and actual.  
If your company is struggling with project management-related issues, then implementing Planisware Orchestra can make a big difference. It is specially designed to meet the needs of small and medium-sized enterprises. 
i2e is a Planisware partner and our teams carry the expertise in implementing Planisware Orchestra in a variety of industries. We also helped companies to migrate their existing projects. To know more about the possibilities of Planisware Orchestra contact us today. 


Tags: Planisware, Planisware Orchestra, Project Management, Project Management in Pharma Manufacturing, Project Portfolio Management Solution 












     Prev Post 

Next Post       







You might also like







Change Management- What is it? And Why Should Project Managers Understand and Own it                                     








Common Resource Allocation Challenges and How Digital PPM Solutions can Solve them                                    








Mastering Enterprise Project Portfolio Management: The Planisware Enterprise Advantage                                     








Why Planisware Orchestra is a one-stop solution for SMEs in Project Portfolio Management?                                    








Organizing data for Portfolio Decision Making                                    








Why You Should Use PPM (Project Portfolio Management) Software for Project Collaboration                                    








Resource Management Made Easy with Microsoft Project Online                                    








Planisware Orchestra and its role in New Product Development (NPD), from Strategy to execution                                    




















Contact Us




×

 




 








 



 





Solutions 



 Strategy & Consulting 



Business Research 



Business Development and Licensing 



Commercial 





Technologies 



PPM 



AI/ML 



Cloud 



Big Data 





Products 



Executive Dashboards 



Resource Management 



Competitive Intelligence 





About Us 



Blog 



Case Studies 



Contact Us 









© 2024 i2e Consulting. All Rights Reserved. 





Privacy Policy | Disclaimer 





 


Linkedin
 



Facebook
 



Instagram
 

























































