








8 ways AWS Redshift is optimizing Business Intelligence in the Healthcare and Life Science industry - i2e Consulting









































































 



















 
 








 
 
Technologies

Planisware Generative AI Project Online AI/ML SharePoint Cloud Big Data

Solutions

Strategy & Consulting

Strategic Portfolio Management R&D Portfolio Management Portfolio Decision Analytics Medical Affairs 
Business Research

Competitive Intelligence EWS Market Assessment 
Business Development & Licensing

Indication and Asset Prioritization Forecasting and Valuation Target Product Profile (TPP) & Partnering Package Preparation Partner Identification and Reach Out 
Commercial

Forecasting and Valuation BI Dashboards Marketing and Digital Services Market Access Sales Analytics 


About Us

About i2e Work at i2e Contact Us

Partners

Partners

Resource Center

Blog Case Studies Webinars Events & News

Planisware Exchange 24 


X
 




















 


8 ways AWS Redshift is optimizing Business Intelligence in the Healthcare and Life Science industry - i2e Consulting                                

July 14, 2021                                

With the major advancement of pharmaceutical sectors, the increasing volume of data that is being produced each day, each second needs a dynamic storage system, preferably faster and more secure. And by data here, we mean the years and years of organizational data that is stored in traditional on-premises data warehouses which require a huge investment of time, money, and maintenance. To solve this problem, Amazon has introduced redshift, a cloud-based database for data management, and analytics for large-scale data. 
AWS has been a trusted technology partner for the healthcare sector globally. The innovative solutions have made businesses gain more value and maximize ROI and with Redshift data warehousing, the pharmaceutical industry is able to address their business problem in a more sophisticated way, let’s see how-    
Data analytics and BI for powerful insights – AWS Redshift suite allows healthcare professionals to get better data transparency by integrating it to interactive dashboards and making data driven decisions. With powerful decision making comes improved business processes and customer satisfaction. 
Advanced query accelerator – Due to its compatibility with various database languages, redshift runs queries 10 times faster than other cloud data warehouses. The AWS processors speed up data operations by eliminating unwanted data movement and scaling out space to get capacity to store more research, lab reports, inventory data etc. 
Easy migration with existing data warehouse – Redshift enables healthcare organizations move their data to cloud quickly and securely. The database migration service is highly reliable and continuously monitors source and destination database. It also supports homogeneous as well as heterogeneous database migration minimizing downtime and cost involved. 
Cross account and hierarchical data sharing – It allows data sharing across different levels, both inside and outside of an organization enabling users to securely access the data such as patient details, R&D reports, supply chain data, clinical trials and utilize it as per their need. The feature also allows healthcare professionals Collaboration on a larger scale. 
Better risk assessment with Redshift ML – The feature allows users to create, train and deploy Machine Learning models called Amazon SageMaker models using SQL queries and use this as a risk management and fraud detection option. Health workers can make predictions based on these trained models and make smarter decisions in drug development and patient’s health assessment. 
Store data in a synchronized manner – Using high performance SQL queries the robust structured and unstructured data are turned into comprehensive and detailed reports which ease the workload of physicians and healthcare professionals. Patients get access to detailed health reports which reduces the need for repetitive tests as well as medical billings. 
End to End encryption – AWS in pharmaceutical has always been recognized for ensuring integrity and security of data; and AWS redshift employs Encryption depending on the company’s needs. Redshift security features include – Sign-in credentials, Access management, Cluster security groups, Virtual Private Cloud (VPC), Cluster encryption, SSL encryption, Load data encryption, Protection of Data in transit, Column-level access control. 
Pay as per capacity occupied– Unlike other database warehouses, AWS redshift is more affordable and offers a payment plan on hourly rate. The users can pay for the nodes and clusters that are being used and can pause the cluster to suspend on-demand billing. Redshift also comes with automated configuration, maintenance, backup, monitoring and is also equipped for disaster recovery, which negates the need for having expensive maintenance tools and set up costs. 
So, we saw how AWS redshift is helping businesses store, analyze, access and monitor the data and make data-driven solutions to accelerate innovation with minimal cost. Businesses across the world are leveraging AWS technology to gain maximum ROI and customer satisfaction.   
i2e is a certified AWS partner and has the domain expertise and experience in delivering business analytics services in the pharmaceutical industry as well as other IT firms to improve productivity and efficiency. 
Get in touch with us to know more about AWS Redshift infrastructure. 


Tags: aws in pharmaceutical, AWS Redshift, redshift data warehousing, redshift data warehousing in pharm 












     Prev Post 

Next Post       







You might also like







Digital Journey of SMBs in India and Cloud Adoption                                    








What are the Essential Practices of DevOps and How AWS Supports Them?                                    








Cloud approach to 2021                                    








Is Your Data Ready for Generative AI: A Guide for Life Sciences Organizations                                      








Change Management- What is it? And Why Should Project Managers Understand and Own it                                     








A Pharma Success Story: How a Generative AI Chatbot Helped in Driving Swift Query Resolution in Clinical Trials                                     








What is Generative AI & How Can Life Sciences Organizations Benefit from it                                     








Common Resource Allocation Challenges and How Digital PPM Solutions can Solve them                                    




















Contact Us




×

 




 








 



 





Solutions 



 Strategy & Consulting 



Business Research 



Business Development and Licensing 



Commercial 





Technologies 



PPM 



AI/ML 



Cloud 



Big Data 





Products 



Executive Dashboards 



Resource Management 



Competitive Intelligence 





About Us 



Blog 



Case Studies 



Contact Us 









© 2024 i2e Consulting. All Rights Reserved. 





Privacy Policy | Disclaimer 





 


Linkedin
 



Facebook
 



Instagram
 

























































