








About Us - i2e Consulting





































































 



















 
 








 
 
Technologies

Planisware Generative AI Project Online AI/ML SharePoint Cloud Big Data

Solutions

Strategy & Consulting

Strategic Portfolio Management R&D Portfolio Management Portfolio Decision Analytics Medical Affairs 
Business Research

Competitive Intelligence EWS Market Assessment 
Business Development & Licensing

Indication and Asset Prioritization Forecasting and Valuation Target Product Profile (TPP) & Partnering Package Preparation Partner Identification and Reach Out 
Commercial

Forecasting and Valuation BI Dashboards Marketing and Digital Services Market Access Sales Analytics 


About Us

About i2e Work at i2e Contact Us

Partners

Partners

Resource Center

Blog Case Studies Webinars Events & News

Planisware Exchange 24 


X
 















About our Companyi2e consulting 













Our Story				





Our Purpose				





Our Vision				





Our Mission				







 i2e leads digital transformation for the life sciences industry through best-in-class innovative technology solutions. Our market leading execution capabilities and domain expertise help pharmaceutical companies, biotech, and healthcare organizations deliver innovations that create a healthier world.   



We help R&D, clinical development, commercialization, pharmaceutical sciences, drug safety, regulatory functions accelerate time-to-value, prioritize industry-leading innovation, and establish portfolio leadership.   



Named one of the fastest growing private companies in the US in the 2023 Inc. 5000 list, i2e Consulting is life sciences preferred partner for digital transformation. We are ISO9001 and ISM27001 certified which is a recognition of our commitment towards continuous improvement of process and data security.   







Driving change for better healthcare decisions 



Whether it is helping life sciences organizations maximize their portfolio investments through PPM tools or helping commercial teams build an industry leading KOL program, our purpose is to drive change for better healthcare decisions. 





 







Advancing healthcare 



We are committed to advancing healthcare by helping organizations make pioneering healthcare innovations. We aim to help life sciences organizations accelerate innovations to deliver better healthcare. 





 








Accelerating healthcare innovations 



Our mission is to pioneer innovative solutions that help foster data-driven excellence. We strive to help life sciences organizations drive strategic insights in research and development, access, and patient care, forging a path towards a future where accessible and equitable healthcare transforms the well-being of communities worldwide. 





 




















Our Values 











 



Customer focused 



We want to be your preferred partner for digital transformation. That means being upfront about our capabilities, when we can meet them and when we think we can’t. That’s why you will find our team is sought after as solution advisors by senior decision makers in life sciences.   







 



People first 



i2e at its core is a People First organization. This value demonstrates our commitment to the well-being, growth, and fulfillment of individuals within our community. By fostering a people-first culture, we believe in harnessing the collective strength of our people to drive lasting success and shared prosperity.   







 



Excellence 



We drive excellence in the solutions that we deliver, the expertise that we provide and the impact that we create. We believe that through this commitment to excellence, we are contributing to the advancement of medical discovery and progress.   















 



Innovation-led 



In the realm of healthcare data and analytics, we relentlessly pursue and champion innovation. Our innovation lab creates tech breakthroughs that are customer focused. Our commitment to continuous innovation enables us to be trusted advisors to our customers, empowering pharmaceutical research to thrive in an era of unprecedented challenges in discovery and progress.   







 



Diversity 



We recognize the strength in varied perspectives and backgrounds. By fostering an inclusive environment, we harness diverse talents, ideas, and experiences, driving innovation and excellence in our pursuit of healthcare excellence.   























Contact Us




×

 




 








 



 





Solutions 



Strategy & Consulting 



Business Research 



Business Development and Licensing 



Commercial 





Technologies 



PPM 



AI/ML 



Cloud 



Big Data 





Products 



Executive Dashboards 



Resource Management 



Competitive Intelligence 





About Us 



Blog 



Case Studies 



Contact Us 









© 2024 i2e Consulting. All Rights Reserved. 





Privacy Policy | Disclaimer 





 


Linkedin
 



Facebook
 



Instagram
 

















































