








AI and ML saves time and increases the success rates of clinical trial protocols - i2e Consulting

































































 



















 
 








 
 
Technologies

Planisware Generative AI Project Online AI/ML SharePoint Cloud Big Data

Solutions

Strategy & Consulting

Strategic Portfolio Management R&D Portfolio Management Portfolio Decision Analytics Medical Affairs 
Business Research

Competitive Intelligence EWS Market Assessment 
Business Development & Licensing

Indication and Asset Prioritization Forecasting and Valuation Target Product Profile (TPP) & Partnering Package Preparation Partner Identification and Reach Out 
Commercial

Forecasting and Valuation BI Dashboards Marketing and Digital Services Market Access Sales Analytics 


About Us

About i2e Work at i2e Contact Us

Partners

Partners

Resource Center

Blog Case Studies Webinars Events & News

Planisware Exchange 24 


X
 












CASE STUDY



A global pharma company saves time and improves the success of clinical trial protocols using AI and ML


 


Business Case

A global pharmaceutical company clinical trials department was putting in a lot of manual effort in monitoring significant quality events (SQEs’). These are the events that may occur during the trial which impact the study or push the timelines of the entire trial. The subject matter experts (SMEs’) had to manually access the database and study the entire clinical trials records to identify details of an SQE event. The raw information was lengthy which made the whole process tedious and time-consuming.


The SMEs were also not able to get any insights to understand the reason, trends and patterns from the historical SQE data. The client approached i2e to reduce the manual effort in monitoring SQEs and design an analytics system for the SQE data. They even wanted an algorithm to identify protocols at risk.
  Challenges

The data was stored in various tables, collecting it for AI work was challenging


Cleaning the massive clinical trials data to fit the summary structure provided by the SMEs
Training various Machine Learning models to find the optimum one

 Results




 Benefits

SMEs are able to understand SQEs quickly and easily


Manual effort in reading the chunk of clinical trials data is eliminated


The Clinical trials team is able to get insights from the historical data of SQEs
Predictive analytics reduced the number of retraining sessions 

ML predictions helped improve the success rate of protocol design saving time and cost.



 Resolution
Our team understood the client’s requirements and divided the project into three phases, solving one problem in each phase.


The team tackled the manual work challenge by setting up an automated email notification system. This will automatically shoot emails to the SMEs about an SQE event. The email also had a summary table containing site information such as what happened, what needs to be done, and the event’s effect on the study- all the information populated from the raw clinical data. 
To help the SMEs skip the tedious process of going through the huge chunk of data, the team loaded a list of keywords on SharePoint and highlighted them if present in the event summary within the email. 

Our team set up a system to analyze and find trends and patterns within the data to understand the reason behind the occurrence of various SQEs’.
The team also built a predictive analytics dashboard which helped the client to identify the sites and protocols where SQEs occurred previously. The information helped in streamlining the training sessions for the clinical site team. This not only reduced the recurrence of SQEs, but also reduced the number of retraining sessions taken per month. 

The team built an ML algorithm to predict the probability of SQEs occurring in a new or existing protocol design. If the probability is yes, then the algorithm is also trained to search historical data and present previously occurred SQEs for similar protocol. This- helped the clinical trials team to increase the success rate of the protocol designs. 
 








Contact Us




×

 




 








 



 





Solutions 



 Strategy & Consulting 



Business Research 



Business Development and Licensing 



Commercial 





Technologies 



PPM 



AI/ML 



Cloud 



Big Data 





Products 



Executive Dashboards 



Resource Management 



Competitive Intelligence 





About Us 



Blog 



Case Studies 



Contact Us 









© 2024 i2e Consulting. All Rights Reserved. 





Privacy Policy | Disclaimer 





 


Linkedin
 



Facebook
 



Instagram
 





















































