








AI-Enabled Solutions: Transforming R&D, Clinical Trials & Portfolio Risk Management





































































 
























 
 








 
 
Technologies

Planisware Generative AI Project Online AI/ML SharePoint Cloud Big Data

Solutions

Strategy & Consulting

Strategic Portfolio Management R&D Portfolio Management Portfolio Decision Analytics Medical Affairs 
Business Research

Competitive Intelligence EWS Market Assessment 
Business Development & Licensing

Indication and Asset Prioritization Forecasting and Valuation Target Product Profile (TPP) & Partnering Package Preparation Partner Identification and Reach Out 
Commercial

Forecasting and Valuation BI Dashboards Marketing and Digital Services Market Access Sales Analytics 


About Us

About i2e Work at i2e Contact Us

Partners

Partners

Resource Center

Blog Case Studies Webinars Events & News

Planisware Exchange 24 


X
 











 


Prepare for Tomorrow's Challenges Today


AI-Powered Prediction Engines Provide Early Warnings for R&D, Clinical Trials, and Portfolio Risks.
Empower your teams with the power of accurate data-driven-decision-making with effortless transition from Business Intelligence to Artificial Intelligence.



Schedule A Demo	


 


Research & Development Intelligence


Is your competitive intelligence team spending more time researching, and less in predicting R&D threats and opportunities? Give them the power of AI and slash their research time by 90% (check out case study below)! Our robust AI-powered Early Warning System (EWS) can filter and sort unwanted noise from your databases, surfacing the most pertinent information for your queries and into a collaborative platform to inform strategic decisions. Result- you can now predict competitive events accurately and act more decisively on medicine investments.






A Portfolio EWS provides probabilistic visibility into your portfolio events composition, empowering your portfolio leaders to mitigate portfolio risks and maximize value. Be it communicating early insights for capacity planning, better forecasting commercial scenario probabilities, or monitoring the effects of competitive and regulatory events on portfolio, this solution can take your basic analytics to predictive analytics with comprehensive visuals to enable data-driven- decision-making.


Risk Managed Portfolio Intelligence


 






 


Clinical Trial Intelligence


Clinical TrialIntelligence


EWS is trained to analyze your vast clinical trials data and provide insights into future risks, and uncertainties. Once deployed, it can analyze complex data set trends to provide alerts and early warnings on trial recruitment performance and insights to identify potential risks to key study delivery milestones. The solution is flexible to be customized to your business needs.


i2e's Advantage


 

Pharma & Lifesciencesdomain expertisein R&D

 

Expertise in trainingMachine Learningalgorithms with lifesciences data

 

Experience deliveringsolutions for globalpharma companies

 

Premium partnership withDataiku – a leading datascience platform for AI






 
Slide2Our Breakthroughs with AI/MLCASE STUDY
Pharma invests in game theory to predict competitive events and act more decisively on medicine investmentsA global pharma giant was looking to make their competitive Intelligence agile, and with less manual intervention.
Know More...Slide2Our Breakthroughs with AI/MLCASE STUDY
Using AI, a pharma giant contains inventory cost overruns by achieving 95% accuracy in drug dosage predictionsA global pharma giant was struggling with manual processes to predict the drug dosage inventory needed for clinical trials and other drug studies at various sites.
Know More...Slide2Our Breakthroughs with AI/MLCASE STUDY
A global pharma company saves time and improves the success of clinical trial protocols using AI and MLA global pharmaceutical company clinical trials department was putting in a lot of manual effort in monitoring significant quality events (SQEs’).
Know More... 





Connect to know more

 


 














First Name *



Last Name *



Company Email *



Phone number 



Message









Send Message


96499Δ







Contact Information





93 Shennecossett Rd, Suite # 104, Groton, CT 06340 




 +1(866) 968-9995




[email protected]





 








Contact Us




×

 




 








 



 





Solutions 



 Strategy & Consulting 



Business Research 



Business Development and Licensing 



Commercial 





Technologies 



PPM 



AI/ML 



Cloud 



Big Data 





Products 



Executive Dashboards 



Resource Management 



Competitive Intelligence 





About Us 



Blog 



Case Studies 



Contact Us 









© 2024 i2e Consulting. All Rights Reserved. 





Privacy Policy | Disclaimer 





 


Linkedin
 



Facebook
 



Instagram
 






















































