








AI and ML in Drug Discovery | AI in Clinical Trials | AI in Life Sciences







































































 



















 
 








 
 
Technologies

Planisware Generative AI Project Online AI/ML SharePoint Cloud Big Data

Solutions

Strategy & Consulting

Strategic Portfolio Management R&D Portfolio Management Portfolio Decision Analytics Medical Affairs 
Business Research

Competitive Intelligence EWS Market Assessment 
Business Development & Licensing

Indication and Asset Prioritization Forecasting and Valuation Target Product Profile (TPP) & Partnering Package Preparation Partner Identification and Reach Out 
Commercial

Forecasting and Valuation BI Dashboards Marketing and Digital Services Market Access Sales Analytics 


About Us

About i2e Work at i2e Contact Us

Partners

Partners

Resource Center

Blog Case Studies Webinars Events & News

Planisware Exchange 24 


X
 











 


AI in Pharma and Biotech


is crucial to increase speed and accuracy of your drug development process, and we can help you adopt it!


 


 


Why go for AI in Pharma and Biotech Industries?



AI applications can reduce time and optimize various areas in the drug development process.




Drug DiscoveryClinical TrialsCompetitive IntelligenceCommercializationPharmacovigilance 

 


Drug Discovery


 


Cognitive Molecule Research

AI can sort and compare millions of potential small molecules to virtually build synthesizable molecules with desired properties. This eliminates the trial-and-error process which is costly and time consuming.

 


Predictive Analysis

Predictive models can analyze historical information on how a particular target behaves when interacting with other proteins. This helps in selecting promising therapeutic molecules with potential to treat specific diseases.

 


Clinical Trails


 


Site Design And Patient Selection

Using AI, ML and NLP the vast health care data can be analyzed to identify the most relevant protocols for regulators, payers and patients in the site design and ML can identify the sites with the highest recruitment potential and suggest appropriate recruitment strategies.

 


Automated Data Flow

Automating data flow across the clinical trial life cycle creates a structured, standardized digital data elements which are then interpreted and auto populated to required reports and analyses.

 


Competitive Intelligence


 


Early Warning System

AI can analyze thousands of research papers and publicly available competitor information to provide a list of threats and opportunities, giving you a strategic advantage over others.

 


Market Analysis

Applying AI to your market research database ensures all team members have access to the entire market analysis. Add a layer of chatbot and your team can search data by simply asking questions.

 


Commercialization


 


Personalized Patient Engagement

AI can increase the effectiveness of patient engagement programs. Leveraging the varied datasets such as prescriptions, medical data, historical engagement data AI can predict and prioritize patients who are apt for your drug.

 


Pharmacovigilance


 


Automated Adverse Event Reporting

Using AI technologies such as optical character recognition and NLP, the intake of adverse event reports can be automated and centralized. This reduces manual efforts and helps to expedite the investigation process.
 



CASE STUDY



We helped a global pharma company to save time and improve the success rate of their clinical trial protocols using AI and ML


A global pharmaceutical company clinical trials department was putting in a lot of manual effort in monitoring significant quality events (SQEs’).



 



Partner with us and explore the endless possibilities of AI and ML


 


Snowflake and Dataiku partnership


 


Pharma domain expertise


 


Technical 


expertise



If you want to see our services in action, then fill up the form below and our experts can give you a demo and answer your questions.

 








Contact Us




×

 




 








 



 





Solutions 



 Strategy & Consulting 



Business Research 



Business Development and Licensing 



Commercial 





Technologies 



PPM 



AI/ML 



Cloud 



Big Data 





Products 



Executive Dashboards 



Resource Management 



Competitive Intelligence 





About Us 



Blog 



Case Studies 



Contact Us 









© 2024 i2e Consulting. All Rights Reserved. 





Privacy Policy | Disclaimer 





 


Linkedin
 



Facebook
 



Instagram
 














































