








Augmented Reality’s Increasing Role in Enterprise - i2e Consulting




































































 



















 
 








 
 
Technologies

Planisware Generative AI Project Online AI/ML SharePoint Cloud Big Data

Solutions

Strategy & Consulting

Strategic Portfolio Management R&D Portfolio Management Portfolio Decision Analytics Medical Affairs 
Business Research

Competitive Intelligence EWS Market Assessment 
Business Development & Licensing

Indication and Asset Prioritization Forecasting and Valuation Target Product Profile (TPP) & Partnering Package Preparation Partner Identification and Reach Out 
Commercial

Forecasting and Valuation BI Dashboards Marketing and Digital Services Market Access Sales Analytics 


About Us

About i2e Work at i2e Contact Us

Partners

Partners

Resource Center

Blog Case Studies Webinars Events & News

Planisware Exchange 24 


X
 























Augmented Reality’s Increasing Role in Enterprise - i2e Consulting                                

August 9, 2017                                

 
One of the biggest stumbling blocks in being able to convince the companies for trying augmented reality is the paucity of historical models and data that conclusively prove that augmented reality actually works. However, a few big companies and universities are beginning to collect the data. Studies have shown that trainees tend to perform better and more efficiently when assigned projects and using augmented reality instructions for reference. The groups using augmented reality have been noted to be about 30 percent more efficient and almost 90 percent more accurate on their first attempts as compared to other groups. If studies continue to prove that augmented reality in fact boosts productivity and efficiency, it could provide a great fillip and convince more enterprises to come on board, especially those who can provide scale, which would help both in terms of better quality and reduced costs. Having said that, there are some real world applications of augmented reality in enterprise already happening, which promises to keep evolving and growing as more people come on board.

1. Connecting workers based in remote locations: We have been witnessing significant benefits in efficient collaborations which are facilitated by communication channels which are hands free. This makes it possible for a remote worker to see exactly the things that their colleagues are seeing. This has been employed by engineers working on an oil rig; medical professionals treating a serious and life threating injury, and the linesmen working on power-poles.
2. Helping with some very complex tasks: Augmented reality can be employed to overlay the instructions for some very complex tasks and this has shown to help in reducing the error rates that occur in manufacturing assembly significantly. For mission critical tasks, augmented reality equipped smart glasses are used to overlay the precise and accurate instructions towards the work area and help in guiding the worker accurately at each step.
3. Making logistics and warehousing more efficient: Logistics and warehousing are a very important part of an economy. Hence, making this sector more efficient is very important. Smart glasses with augmented reality have demonstrated to achieve at least 25% improvement in the efficiency levels for the warehousing operations by efficiently guiding the workers and also helping them to avoid the common mistakes.
4. Improved learning outcomes: Training programs designed with augmented reality are helping to build a significantly more effective and efficient supervision and training outcomes that help us in understanding how some of the more complex equipment work and operate and also the workings in a high-risk environment.















     Prev Post 

Next Post       







You might also like







Data Visualization solutions: Exploration and Presentation                                    








Mind Vector – Pioneering The Field of Mind Mapping in Augmented Reality                                    








Augmented Reality Revolutionizing the Medical World                                    








Augmented Reality – The Technology of the Future                                    








Delving Deeper into Sci-Fi Reality with Immersive Data Visualization                                    








How Augmented Reality will change Data Visualization                                    








Is Your Data Ready for Generative AI: A Guide for Life Sciences Organizations                                      








Change Management- What is it? And Why Should Project Managers Understand and Own it                                     




















Contact Us




×

 




 








 



 





Solutions 



 Strategy & Consulting 



Business Research 



Business Development and Licensing 



Commercial 





Technologies 



PPM 



AI/ML 



Cloud 



Big Data 





Products 



Executive Dashboards 



Resource Management 



Competitive Intelligence 





About Us 



Blog 



Case Studies 



Contact Us 









© 2024 i2e Consulting. All Rights Reserved. 





Privacy Policy | Disclaimer 





 


Linkedin
 



Facebook
 



Instagram
 

























































