








Augmented Reality – The Technology of the Future | i2e Consulting






































































 



















 
 








 
 
Technologies

Planisware Generative AI Project Online AI/ML SharePoint Cloud Big Data

Solutions

Strategy & Consulting

Strategic Portfolio Management R&D Portfolio Management Portfolio Decision Analytics Medical Affairs 
Business Research

Competitive Intelligence EWS Market Assessment 
Business Development & Licensing

Indication and Asset Prioritization Forecasting and Valuation Target Product Profile (TPP) & Partnering Package Preparation Partner Identification and Reach Out 
Commercial

Forecasting and Valuation BI Dashboards Marketing and Digital Services Market Access Sales Analytics 


About Us

About i2e Work at i2e Contact Us

Partners

Partners

Resource Center

Blog Case Studies Webinars Events & News

Planisware Exchange 24 


X
 





















Augmented Reality – The Technology of the Future | i2e Consulting                                

August 8, 2017                                

AR or Augmented Reality is one of the latest cutting edge technologies involving the coming together of the real world with computer graphics. Augmented reality can be best understood as having defined the field of study, providing description for many of the problems, and summarizing the developments to that point.
Augmented Reality can be usefully applied in a wide variety of fields, which include education, engineering, entertainment, manufacturing, and medicine.It is also widely believed that some other potential areas for application of Augmented Reality will appear with increased dissemination of this wonderful technology.
Before an operation or a surgery, a patient generally undergoes some preoperative imaging studies, like the MRI and CT scans, which give the operating surgeon with the required views of the internal anatomy. It is from these images that the subsequent surgery is planned.
The visualization of the path through the affected area’s anatomy is generally done by first building a 3-dimmensional model from the many different views and slices that are obtained in the preoperative study. The model thus created is then projected over the target surface to aid with the surgical procedure.
Augmented Reality can also be used in such a way that the operating surgeons can view the MRI and CT or other such data accurately in the operating room theatre, right when the surgery is going on. The enhanced accuracy of the data and the images at such a crucial time should significantly enhance their performance and should significantly reduce the margin for error.

Augmented reality also be very usefully deployed in engineering design. For example, when a group of designers are working on a model of a somewhat complex design for their clients, the clients and the group of designers might want to do a session on a joint design review even, even while they are all at remote locations. If all of them have access to a conference room equipped with the augmented reality components, this can be easily made possible.
The actual prototype, which the designers have created a design of, can be easily displayed at the different conference rooms in 3-D. The clients also get an opportunity to go through the design, while checking out the different aspects of it. can walk around the display looking at different aspects of it. While examining it and discussing about it, the client can give a feedback on the changes they want incorporated.
Another interesting aspect is that even before a prototype starts from being built, all the participants in their respective conference rooms, fully equipped with augmented reality, a computer generated image of the latest design is built from the CAD files.















     Prev Post 

Next Post       







You might also like







Data Visualization solutions: Exploration and Presentation                                    








Augmented Reality’s Increasing Role in Enterprise                                    








Mind Vector – Pioneering The Field of Mind Mapping in Augmented Reality                                    








Augmented Reality Revolutionizing the Medical World                                    








Delving Deeper into Sci-Fi Reality with Immersive Data Visualization                                    








How Augmented Reality will change Data Visualization                                    








Is Your Data Ready for Generative AI: A Guide for Life Sciences Organizations                                      








Change Management- What is it? And Why Should Project Managers Understand and Own it                                     




















Contact Us




×

 




 








 



 





Solutions 



 Strategy & Consulting 



Business Research 



Business Development and Licensing 



Commercial 





Technologies 



PPM 



AI/ML 



Cloud 



Big Data 





Products 



Executive Dashboards 



Resource Management 



Competitive Intelligence 





About Us 



Blog 



Case Studies 



Contact Us 









© 2024 i2e Consulting. All Rights Reserved. 





Privacy Policy | Disclaimer 





 


Linkedin
 



Facebook
 



Instagram
 

























































