








Augmented Reality Revolutionizing the Medical World - i2e Consulting





































































 



















 
 








 
 
Technologies

Planisware Generative AI Project Online AI/ML SharePoint Cloud Big Data

Solutions

Strategy & Consulting

Strategic Portfolio Management R&D Portfolio Management Portfolio Decision Analytics Medical Affairs 
Business Research

Competitive Intelligence EWS Market Assessment 
Business Development & Licensing

Indication and Asset Prioritization Forecasting and Valuation Target Product Profile (TPP) & Partnering Package Preparation Partner Identification and Reach Out 
Commercial

Forecasting and Valuation BI Dashboards Marketing and Digital Services Market Access Sales Analytics 


About Us

About i2e Work at i2e Contact Us

Partners

Partners

Resource Center

Blog Case Studies Webinars Events & News

Planisware Exchange 24 


X
 























Augmented Reality Revolutionizing the Medical World - i2e Consulting                                

August 8, 2017                                

One of the ways most people get acquainted with augmented reality is usually through the game Pokemon Go. But augmented reality is having much more far reaching impact than making some very popular video games. For example, in healthcare, as professionals and researchers become more aware of the scale and scope of augmented reality, we are beginning to understand the truly revolutionary nature of this technology.
For some time now, it was assumed that virtual reality would be the next big thing in terms of technological breakthrough with applications in everyday life. But while a completely immersive 3-D environment is created in virtual reality, augmented reality combines the real with the digitally creation in real time and we are learning of a much wider range of applications, in fields like healthcare and others.
Augmented reality is helping us to go beyond the geographical barriers for access to the latest techniques in surgery. If presence of the expert surgeon is the only thing that is preventing a specific surgery from taking place, augmented reality can solve that issue and the best expertise can be made available in the most remote corners of the world. A surgeon who is present in the operation theatre can arrange for the streaming of the video of the patient to the most qualified surgeon based in a different location. Now as they are watching, the expert can help by guiding the procedure, and this guidance need not be limited to oral communications, but the surgeon can explain and guide with annotations and drawings. Augmented reality makes it possible for the surgeon present in the operating room to visualize everything on the screen, and this is then overlayed onto the live feed of the streaming video of the patient, which will give a better guidance on what they intend to do.

Other than helping with the live surgeries, augmented reality also exponentially grows the opportunities available for development and training. The medical studies can actually see a top-grade specialist performing the surgery in the different part of the world, and the surgeon could also augment the data with the life pictures of the surgery Students can watch a specialist carry out a procedure in another city or even country, and the surgeon can augment the live pictures with references, notes, diagrams, and so on and so forth. Augmented reality, hence, also makes it possible for the young medical professionals and the students to get a much broader level of experience as compared to what they would have obtained by watching the surgery live in an operating room.
 















     Prev Post 

Next Post       







You might also like







Data Visualization solutions: Exploration and Presentation                                    








Augmented Reality’s Increasing Role in Enterprise                                    








Mind Vector – Pioneering The Field of Mind Mapping in Augmented Reality                                    








Augmented Reality – The Technology of the Future                                    








Delving Deeper into Sci-Fi Reality with Immersive Data Visualization                                    








How Augmented Reality will change Data Visualization                                    








Is Your Data Ready for Generative AI: A Guide for Life Sciences Organizations                                      








Change Management- What is it? And Why Should Project Managers Understand and Own it                                     




















Contact Us




×

 




 








 



 





Solutions 



 Strategy & Consulting 



Business Research 



Business Development and Licensing 



Commercial 





Technologies 



PPM 



AI/ML 



Cloud 



Big Data 





Products 



Executive Dashboards 



Resource Management 



Competitive Intelligence 





About Us 



Blog 



Case Studies 



Contact Us 









© 2024 i2e Consulting. All Rights Reserved. 





Privacy Policy | Disclaimer 





 


Linkedin
 



Facebook
 



Instagram
 

























































