








Benefits of Embedded Analytics for the Life Sciences Industry









































































 



















 
 








 
 
Technologies

Planisware Generative AI Project Online AI/ML SharePoint Cloud Big Data

Solutions

Strategy & Consulting

Strategic Portfolio Management R&D Portfolio Management Portfolio Decision Analytics Medical Affairs 
Business Research

Competitive Intelligence EWS Market Assessment 
Business Development & Licensing

Indication and Asset Prioritization Forecasting and Valuation Target Product Profile (TPP) & Partnering Package Preparation Partner Identification and Reach Out 
Commercial

Forecasting and Valuation BI Dashboards Marketing and Digital Services Market Access Sales Analytics 


About Us

About i2e Work at i2e Contact Us

Partners

Partners

Resource Center

Blog Case Studies Webinars Events & News

Planisware Exchange 24 


X
 




















 


Benefits of Embedded Analytics for the Life Sciences Industry                                

October 4, 2022                                

Analytics always played a pivotal role in the life sciences industry. Owing to the dynamic and complex nature of drug development and marketing, pharma decision-makers rely heavily on data to decide on the future course of action. 
According to a Worldwide Health Industry 2020 predictions report, the next decade will be defined by healthcare data and technologies needed to harness them (1) 
As more and more data pours in, life sciences need to upgrade their analytics process to reduce manual interventions and adopt continuous real-time analytics. Embedded analytics can help them achieve this with less disruption to the existing systems and enabling the decision makers to spend less time making reports and more on taking decisions. 
So, what is embedded analytics? And how can it help the life sciences companies? Read on as we give answers to these questions and give more insights on embedded analytics. 
What is embedded analytics? 
With embedded analytics, you can embed dashboards, reports, and analytic tools within your applications, solutions or websites. Which means, your team can generate dashboards and charts within the application where the data is stored, without the need to shuffle between two applications. 
For example, if your organization is using Project Online or Planisware for project portfolio management, you can embed a powerful data visualization tool such as Power BI within Planisware to convert your insights into dashboards and graphs. 
Switching between applications is a time-consuming and error-prone process that can lead to losing focus and in some cases valuable insights. Embedded analytics makes it easier and more efficient to pull insights and visualize them without moving back and forth. 
Why Life Sciences Companies Should Consider Embedded analytics? 
Embedded analytics in any existing software or applications can help various departments in the life sciences company to provide easy access to key metrics. Let us tell you some major benefits of embedded analytics in various departments. 
Increase the efficiency of clinical trials 
Clinical trials play a major role in the drug development process, and embedded analytics can help you in making them quicker with reduced costs. Embedded analytics can help companies to constantly monitor key productivity metrics such as participant demographics, historical medical records, and past clinical events data. 
Such information can help in optimizing the clinical trials process and in identifying test sites with high patient availability. Pharma companies can also speed up the trail by effectively analyzing the patient data from wearables and patient apps producing results in less time. 
Streamline production with market demand 
Implementing embedded analytics into the production and inventory software applications can help companies gain insights into seasonal changes in demand, fast-moving drugs, and inventory metrics. Such insights can help production to dedicate more resources onto producing more drugs in demand.  
Decision makers can now spend more time analyzing dashboards and graphs than creating them. With the time saved in going back and forth between applications, your decision-makers can effectively concentrate on decision-making. 
Improve decision making 
Embedded analytics make collaboration within departments easy and convenient, thus helping your decision makers take holistic decisions. Your team leaders can engage better with scientists, drug research teams, government regulators and exchange ideas and information with ease.  
The visual of the analytical dashboard make information exchange easier, the incoming data can be efficiently converted into dashboards. With embedded analytics, valuable data can be accessed making project outcomes more accurate, and easier to spot patterns in the data. Industry leaders can make decisions on portfolios, supply and demand, and company priorities. 
Increase customer satisfaction 
Data-driven decision-making is the first rule for achieving customer satisfaction. However, data-driven decisions are made when the data is front and center, moving from one application to another to access dashboards and data can be tedious and time-consuming. Embedded analytics connects insights and plans of action in the same place, this helps companies to adapt better to the customer needs and incorporate data-backed decisions across the organization. 
In the fast-moving pharmaceutical and biotech industries, staying ahead of competitors and making the right decisions faster are pivotal. Having an embedded analytical system means saving time moving back and forth between applications, continuous monitoring, saving time in report generation, and less dependency on the IT team. 
Many of our clients have achieved increased productivity and saved report-generating time with embedded analytics. We have integrated Power BI into Planisware to help US Aramco get comprehensive dashboards within Planisware, you can read more details of it here. 
References  
Federico Mayr, and Silvia Piai, “The Future of Intelligence in the Healthcare Sector, IDC 


Tags: benefits of embedded analytics, benefits of embedded analytics in life sciences industry, pharma decision making 












     Prev Post 

Next Post       







You might also like







A Pharma Success Story: How a Generative AI Chatbot Helped in Driving Swift Query Resolution in Clinical Trials                                     








What is Generative AI & How Can Life Sciences Organizations Benefit from it                                     








Enhancing Sales and Marketing Collaborations with SharePoint and AI                                     








Data Security Matters: Safeguarding Pharma Information in SharePoint Implementation                                    








Pharma Industry Trends 2024: Harnessing the Power of Technology                                     








Competitive Edge for Biotech and Pharma Companies with Data Analytics                                    








Digital Journey of SMBs in India and Cloud Adoption                                    








Is There a Need for Digital Innovation for SMB Pharma?                                    




















Contact Us




×

 




 








 



 





Solutions 



 Strategy & Consulting 



Business Research 



Business Development and Licensing 



Commercial 





Technologies 



PPM 



AI/ML 



Cloud 



Big Data 





Products 



Executive Dashboards 



Resource Management 



Competitive Intelligence 





About Us 



Blog 



Case Studies 



Contact Us 









© 2024 i2e Consulting. All Rights Reserved. 





Privacy Policy | Disclaimer 





 


Linkedin
 



Facebook
 



Instagram
 

























































