








Big Data Archives - i2e Consulting



























































 



















 
 








 
 
Technologies

Planisware Generative AI Project Online AI/ML SharePoint Cloud Big Data

Solutions

Strategy & Consulting

Strategic Portfolio Management R&D Portfolio Management Portfolio Decision Analytics Medical Affairs 
Business Research

Competitive Intelligence EWS Market Assessment 
Business Development & Licensing

Indication and Asset Prioritization Forecasting and Valuation Target Product Profile (TPP) & Partnering Package Preparation Partner Identification and Reach Out 
Commercial

Forecasting and Valuation BI Dashboards Marketing and Digital Services Market Access Sales Analytics 


About Us

About i2e Work at i2e Contact Us

Partners

Partners

Resource Center

Blog Case Studies Webinars Events & News

Planisware Exchange 24 


X
 









   Category: Big Data

Home
 Category: Big Data



















January 6, 2022            

How Big Data Means Big Opportunities For Pharma Industry                




Aman Singh                    


Big Data 

1 Comment                

Read More












August 11, 2021            

What Is Intelligent Document Processing? And How It Can Help Your Business.                

Today, many organizations spend a considerable amount of money and workforce in processing documents. Such manual processes require huge investments and are time-consuming, error-prone, and non-scalable.  Thanks to Intelligent Document Processing Solutions (IDP) businesses no longer need to go through the pain of manual document processing. So, what is IDP and how can businesses leverage it for their advantage? Read on, as we give answers to these questions and much more on IDP.  What Can Intelligent Document Processing Solutions […]



Sanjana Lagudu                    


AWS RedShift, Big Data, Document Management System SharePoint 

No Comments                

Read More












October 13, 2020            

All That You Need To Know About Data Lake And Data Warehousing                

Do you know that more than 2.5 quintillion bytes of data are being generated every single day? With the advancement of technology, the rapid increase of social media use, advanced networks, and communication, we are incredibly fueling data creation. There are over 40,000 Google searches every second. Each minute Instagram is sharing 46,500 photos, while […]



Aman Singh                    


Big Data, Data Visualization, Digital Transformation 

No Comments                

Read More












October 7, 2020            

Unlocking the Potential of Data Lakes in the Life Sciences Industry                

Data is the new currency in the healthcare and life sciences industry. A huge amount of data is being generated in this industry every day. Each year the volume of data being generated increases at over 45% and would amount to 2314 exabytes of data (1 exabyte = 1 billion gigabytes) by 2020.[1] How to […]



Aman Singh                    


Big Data, Data Visualization, Digital Transformation, Uncategorized 

No Comments                

Read More












August 26, 2020            

Big Data and Analytics – Making its way into the corner offices                

Every leader comes with a powerful vision. However, in today’s world, you need to harness the power of data to turn your vision into reality. Insights from data will help you formulate strategies not only for growth and innovation but also to keep your workforce happy, engaged, and motivated. Big data and tools that help […]



Aman Singh                    


Big Data 

1 Comment                

Read More


















19940
Categories

App Modernization

Artificial Intelligence

Augmented & Virtual Reality

AWS RedShift

Big Data

Blockchain

Cloud

Data Analytics

Data Visualization

Digital Transformation

Document Management System SharePoint

Enterprise Mobility

IT Managed Services

IT Outsourcing

Latest Blog

Microsoft Azure

Microsoft Teams

News

Office 365

Pharma IT Solutions

Planisware

Power Apps

Power Automate

Power BI

Power Platform

Project Management

Project Online

Project Portfolio Management

Resource Management

Robotic Process Automation

SharePoint

Staff Augmentation

Tips

Uncategorized

Windows Virtual Desktop

Work Culture




Recent Posts


Is Your Data Ready for Generative AI: A Guide for Life Sciences Organizations  


Change Management- What is it? And Why Should Project Managers Understand and Own it 


A Pharma Success Story: How a Generative AI Chatbot Helped in Driving Swift Query Resolution in Clinical Trials 


What is Generative AI & How Can Life Sciences Organizations Benefit from it 


Common Resource Allocation Challenges and How Digital PPM Solutions can Solve them


 










Contact Us




×

 




 








 



 





Solutions 



 Strategy & Consulting 



Business Research 



Business Development and Licensing 



Commercial 





Technologies 



PPM 



AI/ML 



Cloud 



Big Data 





Products 



Executive Dashboards 



Resource Management 



Competitive Intelligence 





About Us 



Blog 



Case Studies 



Contact Us 









© 2024 i2e Consulting. All Rights Reserved. 





Privacy Policy | Disclaimer 





 


Linkedin
 



Facebook
 



Instagram
 

















































