








Blockchain – Not just a cryptocurrency - i2e Consulting




































































 



















 
 








 
 
Technologies

Planisware Generative AI Project Online AI/ML SharePoint Cloud Big Data

Solutions

Strategy & Consulting

Strategic Portfolio Management R&D Portfolio Management Portfolio Decision Analytics Medical Affairs 
Business Research

Competitive Intelligence EWS Market Assessment 
Business Development & Licensing

Indication and Asset Prioritization Forecasting and Valuation Target Product Profile (TPP) & Partnering Package Preparation Partner Identification and Reach Out 
Commercial

Forecasting and Valuation BI Dashboards Marketing and Digital Services Market Access Sales Analytics 


About Us

About i2e Work at i2e Contact Us

Partners

Partners

Resource Center

Blog Case Studies Webinars Events & News

Planisware Exchange 24 


X
 























Blockchain – Not just a cryptocurrency - i2e Consulting                                

July 16, 2018                                

Bitcoin and blockchain are the two words that have become an inherent part of our vocabulary of late. Most people often use it interchangeably as if they were one and the same thing. If you are one of those who think the word crypto currency was synonymous with blockchain, you couldn’t be more far away from the truth!
The blockchain refers to a chain of visible, public transactions processed across multiple computers. Each time a new transaction is processed, a new ‘block’ is added to the chain. The computer is rewarded with the blockchain’s associated cryptocurrency in exchange for processing the transaction. The current perceived role of blockchain is just as a means for generating cryptocurrency. However, as blockchain would become more widespread and understood, more and more people would be able to understand the technology behind it.
Cryptocurrency is just what we see of blockchain application. There is more to it than what meets the eye. It has just started to offer a secure, safe and transparent means of conducting businesses. There is a huge potential. It represents a new way of recording information and processing transactions. The data recorded in a blockchain are tamper-proof and traceable. It can be used to support any collaborative transactions requiring high availability and integrity. For example, let’s take a look at financial services. The KYC procedure is mandatory at the banks.If a customer has accounts in different banks then he has to do multiple KYC documentation.However, if these banks choose Blockchain to do their KYC implemantation then the redundancy of the process can be eliminated.The customer data can be maintained in a blockchain where it is tamperproof. Similarly, it can be used in identity management, product certification, supply-chain coordination, and general tracking and goods exchanges etc.
In layman’s language blockchain is basically a distributed database. You can compare it to a huge, global spreadsheet that runs on millions and millions of computers useing state-of-the-art cryptography, recording any structured information. In many ways it is an extraordinary thing. Think of it as an unhackable database of digital assets. You can also called it the platform of trust. For example, banks facilitate transactions with traditional currencies, the blockchain allows the free transfer of cryptocurreny through a decentralized environment. All the data is then held in an interconnected network of computers, owned and run by none other than the users themselves. The implications of its use are amazing, not just for the financial-services industry but also right across virtually every thing you can think of.
For processing financial transactions,there is nothing better than blockchain. By excluding the need for third parties, blockchain drastically limits the risks of human error, data leaks or fraudulent acts. All transactions are recorded in the blockchain, and cannot be altered. They can also be audited at any time.
There are many important benefits of blockchain that may prove to be useful to businesses in different industries. Its time to gear up for Blockchain revolution!















     Prev Post 

Next Post       







You might also like







Pharmaceuticals tap into blockchain                                    








How Digital Transformation is Changing Pharma & Healthcare Industry                                    








Is Your Data Ready for Generative AI: A Guide for Life Sciences Organizations                                      








Change Management- What is it? And Why Should Project Managers Understand and Own it                                     








A Pharma Success Story: How a Generative AI Chatbot Helped in Driving Swift Query Resolution in Clinical Trials                                     








What is Generative AI & How Can Life Sciences Organizations Benefit from it                                     








Common Resource Allocation Challenges and How Digital PPM Solutions can Solve them                                    








Mastering Enterprise Project Portfolio Management: The Planisware Enterprise Advantage                                     




















Contact Us




×

 




 








 



 





Solutions 



 Strategy & Consulting 



Business Research 



Business Development and Licensing 



Commercial 





Technologies 



PPM 



AI/ML 



Cloud 



Big Data 





Products 



Executive Dashboards 



Resource Management 



Competitive Intelligence 





About Us 



Blog 



Case Studies 



Contact Us 









© 2024 i2e Consulting. All Rights Reserved. 





Privacy Policy | Disclaimer 





 


Linkedin
 



Facebook
 



Instagram
 

























































