








Build Your Success Story With Our Staff Augmentation Services - i2e Consulting









































































 



















 
 








 
 
Technologies

Planisware Generative AI Project Online AI/ML SharePoint Cloud Big Data

Solutions

Strategy & Consulting

Strategic Portfolio Management R&D Portfolio Management Portfolio Decision Analytics Medical Affairs 
Business Research

Competitive Intelligence EWS Market Assessment 
Business Development & Licensing

Indication and Asset Prioritization Forecasting and Valuation Target Product Profile (TPP) & Partnering Package Preparation Partner Identification and Reach Out 
Commercial

Forecasting and Valuation BI Dashboards Marketing and Digital Services Market Access Sales Analytics 


About Us

About i2e Work at i2e Contact Us

Partners

Partners

Resource Center

Blog Case Studies Webinars Events & News

Planisware Exchange 24 


X
 




















 


Build Your Success Story With Our Staff Augmentation Services - i2e Consulting                                

August 24, 2020                                

Finding
the right resources in the world of dynamic project requirements can be a
daunting task.
Staff
Augmentation
It
is the process of hiring the best professionals for your project demands
without taking any headache of the traditional recruitment process. You have
the flexibility to augment your team without investing in overheads.
We
understand your business requirements, deliverables, and timelines. Our
professionals have years of experience in the latest technologies and legacy
systems.
Know More
Brings
in an array of benefits
Bring fresh      and innovative ideas to your in-house teamEliminate      the cost and headache of the recruitment processSave time      and speed up your project deliveryMeet your      project goals within the time
On
the IT front, our professionals can work on Big Data, RPA, Artificial
Intelligence, Artificial Intelligence, VR & AR, Tableau, SharePoint, SAP,
and any other technology you can think. On the non-IT front, we have
specialized expertise with Pharma companies.
We
have helped Global Pharma companies with their Big Data, Planisware, and Data
Analytics projects. At the same time, we have connected our client with an
expert in the field of Biology.
Our experience with technology and a deep understanding of business will help you meet the demands of your project in the best manner.


Tags: IT outsourcing Services, IT Staff Augmentation, Staff Augmentation, Staff Augmentation Services 












     Prev Post 

Next Post       







You might also like







Emerging Trends in IT Outsourcing Services                                    








Is Your Data Ready for Generative AI: A Guide for Life Sciences Organizations                                      








Change Management- What is it? And Why Should Project Managers Understand and Own it                                     








A Pharma Success Story: How a Generative AI Chatbot Helped in Driving Swift Query Resolution in Clinical Trials                                     








What is Generative AI & How Can Life Sciences Organizations Benefit from it                                     








Common Resource Allocation Challenges and How Digital PPM Solutions can Solve them                                    








Mastering Enterprise Project Portfolio Management: The Planisware Enterprise Advantage                                     








Why Planisware Orchestra is a one-stop solution for SMEs in Project Portfolio Management?                                    




















Contact Us




×

 




 








 



 





Solutions 



 Strategy & Consulting 



Business Research 



Business Development and Licensing 



Commercial 





Technologies 



PPM 



AI/ML 



Cloud 



Big Data 





Products 



Executive Dashboards 



Resource Management 



Competitive Intelligence 





About Us 



Blog 



Case Studies 



Contact Us 









© 2024 i2e Consulting. All Rights Reserved. 





Privacy Policy | Disclaimer 





 


Linkedin
 



Facebook
 



Instagram
 

























































