








Business Intelligence Solutions & Service Provider | BI Dashboard | Pharmaceutical | India, US


































































 



















 
 








 
 
Technologies

Planisware Generative AI Project Online AI/ML SharePoint Cloud Big Data

Solutions

Strategy & Consulting

Strategic Portfolio Management R&D Portfolio Management Portfolio Decision Analytics Medical Affairs 
Business Research

Competitive Intelligence EWS Market Assessment 
Business Development & Licensing

Indication and Asset Prioritization Forecasting and Valuation Target Product Profile (TPP) & Partnering Package Preparation Partner Identification and Reach Out 
Commercial

Forecasting and Valuation BI Dashboards Marketing and Digital Services Market Access Sales Analytics 


About Us

About i2e Work at i2e Contact Us

Partners

Partners

Resource Center

Blog Case Studies Webinars Events & News

Planisware Exchange 24 


X
 












Data is only useful when it’s used! 

Business intelligence (BI) leverages technology to transform existing company data into actionable insights. In other words, BI helps organizations take informed decisions for their business. It’s recommended to look for BI solutions that bring data visualization, self-service dashboards, are mobile friendly and are easy to use for even the most technically challenged teams. 
 


Explore newer heights with BI 

 




Operational Reporting

Optimize operational reporting and save significant time and resource with a reliable BI solutions. Operational analytics is essential for the smooth running of a business, it presents decision makers with a quick and precise update of the hourly, daily or weekly activities taking place within an organization. 

i2e advantage:
We customize reporting for BI tools like Tableau, Spotfire, Power BI and Qlik View as per your requirements.


Measure KPI

Representing KPIs in an accurate and comprehensive manner is essential for effective, data-driven decisions. Our Data Analytics consultants with their years of industry experience can help you design and measure KPI and matrices. Connect KPI data to your business, apply filters, drill down to examine underlying data with interactive dashboards. 

i2e advantage:
Get expert advice in Pharma Business Insights and Analytics​ with industry experts to design and measure KPI and metrices. 
 


 




Predictive Analysis

Improve everyday business operations and achieve a competitive differentiation with advanced predictive analysis. Today business rely heavily on BI tools for predictive analysis. Predictive analytics refers to using historical data, machine learning, and artificial intelligence to predict what will happen in the future.  

i2e advantage:
We adopt latest technology, so your application stays modern  


BI Solutions we expertise in



Data Management



Unlock the true potential of data

Your organizational data is your asset, and we can help you manage it. Data unlike any valuable resource grows itself. To harness its potential, you need to have access to clean, integrated data ready at your disposal. 
i2e can help you implement ETL process, data preparation or use it for advanced analytics using applications such as Alteryx.
 


 




Data Visualization



Interact with your data visually 

One of the trends in BI which majorly influence software purchasing decision is undoubtedly- data visualization. Visualization makes it easier to process and comprehend data. It can be used at different levels across an organization. A graph or 3D holograms provide faster and easier data insights to spreadsheets. We at i2e consulting offer data visualization to help get actional business insights.


Integrating Data Sources



Experience data in Tableau, Spotfire or PowerBI 

We help businesses capitalize on their most valuable asset-data. The modern globally distributed workforce calls for a modern BI integration approach. We at i2e deliver solutions that provide real time analytics. Experience real time business intelligence data solution in Tableau, Spotfire, PowerBI or any tool of your choice. 
 




Dashboards



Data tells story  

We develop customized dashboards that are interactive, easy to process, robust and 100% reusable. These real-time dashboards help companies accelerate return-on-investment and tighten data accuracy and compliance. Depending on user requirements, the dashboards can be of Single-Dashboard or Multi-Dashboard architecture.   
 




Some of our work

[rl_gallery id="15074"]
 




Mobile App



 Access anything anywhere

We make sure all or products and services work seamlessly on mobile. When everything is going mobile why should BI lag?  


Why Us? 

Domain knowledge expertise
10+ years of delivering Pharma IT solutions
Trusted by the best
Our clientele says it all 
Latest technology
Modern technology to keep your tools updated and sustainable 
Agile methodology
Best practices for quicker and better delivery 

Test our BI capabilities for free with your sample data today! 



Connect to know more

 


 














First Name *



Last Name *



Company Email *



Phone number 



Message









Send Message


15594Δ







Contact Information





93 Shennecossett Rd, Suite # 104, Groton, CT 06340 




 +1(866) 968-9995




[email protected]





 








Contact Us




×

 




 








 



 





Solutions 



 Strategy & Consulting 



Business Research 



Business Development and Licensing 



Commercial 





Technologies 



PPM 



AI/ML 



Cloud 



Big Data 





Products 



Executive Dashboards 



Resource Management 



Competitive Intelligence 





About Us 



Blog 



Case Studies 



Contact Us 









© 2024 i2e Consulting. All Rights Reserved. 





Privacy Policy | Disclaimer 





 


Linkedin
 



Facebook
 



Instagram
 






















































