








Strategic Business Development and Licensing Solutions for Pharma Alliances






































































 



















 
 








 
 
Technologies

Planisware Generative AI Project Online AI/ML SharePoint Cloud Big Data

Solutions

Strategy & Consulting

Strategic Portfolio Management R&D Portfolio Management Portfolio Decision Analytics Medical Affairs 
Business Research

Competitive Intelligence EWS Market Assessment 
Business Development & Licensing

Indication and Asset Prioritization Forecasting and Valuation Target Product Profile (TPP) & Partnering Package Preparation Partner Identification and Reach Out 
Commercial

Forecasting and Valuation BI Dashboards Marketing and Digital Services Market Access Sales Analytics 


About Us

About i2e Work at i2e Contact Us

Partners

Partners

Resource Center

Blog Case Studies Webinars Events & News

Planisware Exchange 24 


X
 

















Business development and licensing 



Powering partnerships withdata-driven deal insights.  



Accelerate alliances, growth, opportunities.  











 i2e’s BD & Licensing (BD&L) offerings help BD&L decision makers take the right decisions right from evaluating high-value licensing opportunities to identifying potential acquisition targets, conducting business and product due diligence. Leveraging real-world data and predictive modeling, we quantify unmet needs to highlight indications with significant commercial potential. We forecast peak sales, develop pricing scenarios, and assess competitive dynamics to value assets and enhance deal structuring. To articulate asset value, our analytics inform the development of compelling target product profiles and partnering materials, quantifying clinical differentiation and strategic market fit. We identify optimal partners through proprietary company matching algorithms and payer/KOL sentiment analysis. Our data quantifies potential synergy based on portfolio fit, risk tolerance, and capabilities. Prioritized outreach is enabled through target company briefings with clinical, commercial, and deal rationale insights. With our end-to-end solutions approach, BD teams can focus efforts on high-potential indications, assets, and partners to enhance pipeline expansion. We turn real-world evidence into actionable data to support evaluation, forecasting, packaging, outreach, and negotiations.  







Explore our services 











 



Indication and Asset Prioritization  



The ability to separate the most promising prospects from other less favourable ones is a key competitive edge. i2e helps align asset prioritization with core organizational capabilities, organizational risk tolerance, alignment with complimentary assets, guided by optimizing for higher probability of success.  






Know more











 



Forecasting and valuation  



BD&L teams need to accurately value assets and forecast potential returns to strengthen their negotiating positions and improve chances of deal-making success. Our solutions leverage real-world data, predictive analytics, and financial modeling to provide data-driven forecasts and valuations.  






Know more















 



Target Product Profile (TPP) & Partnering Package Preparation  



An integrated and cross-functionally developed Target Product Profile (TPP) facilitates strategic product go/no-go decision making along the development pathway at the different stage gates, minimizes risk, and improves contingency planning. Our TPP offering enables business development teams to optimize TPPs to articulate clinical value, enhance asset positioning, and align to strategic needs.  






Know more











 



Partner identification and reach out  



Selecting the right partners is critical for pharma business development and licensing teams seeking to drive pipeline growth through value-creating deals. However, with multiple influencing variables externally and internally, it is challenging to identify the ideal targets with the highest strategic fit and shared value potential. Accelerated deadlines further complicate partner prioritization before outreach.  






Know more























Contact Us




×

 




 








 



 





Solutions 



Strategy & Consulting 



Business Research 



Business Development and Licensing 



Commercial 





Technologies 



PPM 



AI/ML 



Cloud 



Big Data 





Products 



Executive Dashboards 



Resource Management 



Competitive Intelligence 





About Us 



Blog 



Case Studies 



Contact Us 









© 2024 i2e Consulting. All Rights Reserved. 





Privacy Policy | Disclaimer 





 


Linkedin
 



Facebook
 



Instagram
 

















































