








Clinical Trials Solutions| Clinical Research Data Management is the future of Pharma


































































 



















 
 








 
 
Technologies

Planisware Generative AI Project Online AI/ML SharePoint Cloud Big Data

Solutions

Strategy & Consulting

Strategic Portfolio Management R&D Portfolio Management Portfolio Decision Analytics Medical Affairs 
Business Research

Competitive Intelligence EWS Market Assessment 
Business Development & Licensing

Indication and Asset Prioritization Forecasting and Valuation Target Product Profile (TPP) & Partnering Package Preparation Partner Identification and Reach Out 
Commercial

Forecasting and Valuation BI Dashboards Marketing and Digital Services Market Access Sales Analytics 


About Us

About i2e Work at i2e Contact Us

Partners

Partners

Resource Center

Blog Case Studies Webinars Events & News

Planisware Exchange 24 


X
 











 


Optimize Workflows and Increase the Success Rate of Clinical Trials

From optimizing workflows to achieving better patient engagement, Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Machine learning (ML) can make the clinical trials process accurate and cost-effective. 

Design and Optimization of Workflow

AI and ML can help you to design an optimized clinical trial process that increases the success rate of the trial while making sure you operate within the budget.

Identify the most optimized workflow.
Achieve accurate patient enrollment.
Predict the right drug dosage for the trial.
Avoid the risk of adverse reactions using simulations.
Accurately identify high-performance sites.
Improved Patient Engagement 
Increase your patient engagement, which is one of the biggest contributors to the success of the trial.

Limit dropouts through customized communications. 
Collect patient-reported data through the device of their choice. 
Easy day-to-day monitoring and reporting. 
Send notifications for scheduled tasks and visits.

Effective Data Management 

No more spending time consolidating huge clinical data, AI and ML automatically tracks and generates reports. What more? You can also create interactive visuals for better insights and much more.

Efficient data transfer between all stakeholders.  
Customized dashboards to monitor patient’s progress.
Data consolidation and smart visualization. 
Full access of the data to all team members. 
Quickly produce adverse drug reaction documents.  
Pick up and flag inconsistencies.
Get in Touch

i2e Consulting is a pharma focused IT service provider company  which is leading innovation in the industry. 


Explore opportunities and gain competitive advantage. 


 


 














First Name *



Last Name *



Company Email *



Phone number 



Message









Send Message


26766Δ







Contact Information





93 Shennecossett Rd, Suite # 104, Groton, CT 06340 




 +1(866) 968-9995




[email protected]





 








Contact Us




×

 




 








 



 





Solutions 



 Strategy & Consulting 



Business Research 



Business Development and Licensing 



Commercial 





Technologies 



PPM 



AI/ML 



Cloud 



Big Data 





Products 



Executive Dashboards 



Resource Management 



Competitive Intelligence 





About Us 



Blog 



Case Studies 



Contact Us 









© 2024 i2e Consulting. All Rights Reserved. 





Privacy Policy | Disclaimer 





 


Linkedin
 



Facebook
 



Instagram
 






















































