








Cloud Development Solution & Services | Analytics & AI | Pharma | India, UK & US


































































 



















 
 








 
 
Technologies

Planisware Generative AI Project Online AI/ML SharePoint Cloud Big Data

Solutions

Strategy & Consulting

Strategic Portfolio Management R&D Portfolio Management Portfolio Decision Analytics Medical Affairs 
Business Research

Competitive Intelligence EWS Market Assessment 
Business Development & Licensing

Indication and Asset Prioritization Forecasting and Valuation Target Product Profile (TPP) & Partnering Package Preparation Partner Identification and Reach Out 
Commercial

Forecasting and Valuation BI Dashboards Marketing and Digital Services Market Access Sales Analytics 


About Us

About i2e Work at i2e Contact Us

Partners

Partners

Resource Center

Blog Case Studies Webinars Events & News

Planisware Exchange 24 


X
 











 


Cloud Development Services 



Secure | Reliable | Cost Effective 

Whether you seek to build a comprehensive cloud solution or need to migrate your system into the cloud — our cloud development team at i2e Consulting will understand your organization and goals, provide project roadmap that causes minimum disruption but delivers maximum performance, and migrate your systems. You’ll have specialized training and support at each stage of your cloud journey. Develop, re-platform, and integrate applications faster to the cloud. We streamline migration by balancing your migration while enabling data flow and transactions across different systems while going cloud. Experience cloud analytics and AI coupled with big data tools for strategic decision-making for a truly transformative cloud journey. 
 

What we do? 


 


Migrate traditional on-prem data warehouses/lakes to the cloud 


 


Modernize and Migrate Legacy Application  


 


Cloud Infrastructure Development   


 


    Cloud Analytics and AI  


 


Cloud Data Management 


 


IaaS 

Contact Us

Our cloud team uses a mixture of software tools and consultancy best practices provide you with a plan that best suits you. The team will assess your requirements and lay out a plan. Once prototype/plan is approved they will go ahead with cloud development or migration. Post deployment, the optimization phase begins, is where you use security and management resources to govern, secure, and monitor your cloud applications. This is also the time for you to look for opportunities to optimize spending.  
 

How we do? 


 


 We listen to your business problems 


 


Translate them to functional requirements 


 


Set-up detailed project plan 


 


Finally, our experts run their magic 

Contact Us

From ideation to launch, we make sure your cloud journey is fruitful. Get cloud advantage with Azure and AWS security and compliance. Our methods are agile, transparent, and we bring in decade plus pharma domain expertise along. 
 
 


Why you can count on us? 



Partners with Industry leaders in cloud technology, Azure and AWS 
We offer End-to End cloud service 
Our cloud team is certified and experience  
 We have decade plus domain expertise 

 

Explore new opportunities and increase business value 



Connect to know more

 


 














First Name *



Last Name *



Company Email *



Phone number 



Message









Send Message


78208Δ







Contact Information





93 Shennecossett Rd, Suite # 104, Groton, CT 06340 




 +1(866) 968-9995




[email protected]





 








Contact Us




×

 




 








 



 





Solutions 



 Strategy & Consulting 



Business Research 



Business Development and Licensing 



Commercial 





Technologies 



PPM 



AI/ML 



Cloud 



Big Data 





Products 



Executive Dashboards 



Resource Management 



Competitive Intelligence 





About Us 



Blog 



Case Studies 



Contact Us 









© 2024 i2e Consulting. All Rights Reserved. 





Privacy Policy | Disclaimer 





 


Linkedin
 



Facebook
 



Instagram
 






















































