








Cloud Archives - i2e Consulting

























































 



















 
 








 
 
Technologies

Planisware Generative AI Project Online AI/ML SharePoint Cloud Big Data

Solutions

Strategy & Consulting

Strategic Portfolio Management R&D Portfolio Management Portfolio Decision Analytics Medical Affairs 
Business Research

Competitive Intelligence EWS Market Assessment 
Business Development & Licensing

Indication and Asset Prioritization Forecasting and Valuation Target Product Profile (TPP) & Partnering Package Preparation Partner Identification and Reach Out 
Commercial

Forecasting and Valuation BI Dashboards Marketing and Digital Services Market Access Sales Analytics 


About Us

About i2e Work at i2e Contact Us

Partners

Partners

Resource Center

Blog Case Studies Webinars Events & News

Planisware Exchange 24 


X
 









   Category: Cloud

Home
 Category: Cloud



















December 7, 2021            

Digital Journey of SMBs in India and Cloud Adoption                

SMBs is the engine that drives the Indian Economy. It shares 34% of the GDP in FY-19 and employed 110 million people, ranking second after agriculture. It was evident that the CoVID-19 pandemic has hurt this sector the most, crippling the economy itself. However, according to a NASSCOM report, SMBs with an online presence are more resilient and have greater revenue growth potential.  The pandemic has induced a digital transformation among businesses. There has been a […]



Sri Kanagala                    


Cloud, Digital Transformation 

No Comments                

Read More












August 5, 2021            

What are the Essential Practices of DevOps and How AWS Supports Them?                

DevOps is a software development practice of blending two critical IT departments-development and operations which are otherwise siloed.   Over time, organizations adopted certain essential practices while adopting DevOps, these practices increased their capacity to deliver applications at high velocity and better quality. Amazon Web Services (AWS) is one of the many players who provide the platform and service to leverage and […]



Sri Kanagala                    


AWS RedShift, Cloud 

No Comments                

Read More












July 14, 2021            

8 ways AWS Redshift is optimizing Business Intelligence in the Healthcare and Life Science industry                

With the major advancement of pharmaceutical sectors, the increasing volume of data that is being produced each day, each second needs a dynamic storage system, preferably faster and more secure. And by data here, we mean the years and years of organizational data that is stored in traditional on-premises data warehouses which require a huge investment of time, money, and maintenance. To solve this problem, Amazon has introduced redshift, a cloud-based database for data management, and analytics for large-scale data.  […]



Manali Dev                    


Cloud 

No Comments                

Read More












January 8, 2021            

Cloud approach to 2021                

2020, forced enterprises around the world to enable their employees to work remotely, a mandate made easier with cloud-based systems. Thus, began the reorganization of digital transformation. Organizations embraced cloud for all types of workloads, mission critical legacy systems to cloud native apps. While moving to a cloud only infrastructure does provide agility and cost management, it does have its share of challenges in terms of complexity, […]



Sri Kanagala                    


Cloud 

No Comments                

Read More


















63351
Categories

App Modernization

Artificial Intelligence

Augmented & Virtual Reality

AWS RedShift

Big Data

Blockchain

Cloud

Data Analytics

Data Visualization

Digital Transformation

Document Management System SharePoint

Enterprise Mobility

IT Managed Services

IT Outsourcing

Latest Blog

Microsoft Azure

Microsoft Teams

News

Office 365

Pharma IT Solutions

Planisware

Power Apps

Power Automate

Power BI

Power Platform

Project Management

Project Online

Project Portfolio Management

Resource Management

Robotic Process Automation

SharePoint

Staff Augmentation

Tips

Uncategorized

Windows Virtual Desktop

Work Culture




Recent Posts


Is Your Data Ready for Generative AI: A Guide for Life Sciences Organizations  


Change Management- What is it? And Why Should Project Managers Understand and Own it 


A Pharma Success Story: How a Generative AI Chatbot Helped in Driving Swift Query Resolution in Clinical Trials 


What is Generative AI & How Can Life Sciences Organizations Benefit from it 


Common Resource Allocation Challenges and How Digital PPM Solutions can Solve them


 










Contact Us




×

 




 








 



 





Solutions 



 Strategy & Consulting 



Business Research 



Business Development and Licensing 



Commercial 





Technologies 



PPM 



AI/ML 



Cloud 



Big Data 





Products 



Executive Dashboards 



Resource Management 



Competitive Intelligence 





About Us 



Blog 



Case Studies 



Contact Us 









© 2024 i2e Consulting. All Rights Reserved. 





Privacy Policy | Disclaimer 





 


Linkedin
 



Facebook
 



Instagram
 




















































