








data integrity program - i2e Consulting

































































 



















 
 








 
 
Technologies

Planisware Generative AI Project Online AI/ML SharePoint Cloud Big Data

Solutions

Strategy & Consulting

Strategic Portfolio Management R&D Portfolio Management Portfolio Decision Analytics Medical Affairs 
Business Research

Competitive Intelligence EWS Market Assessment 
Business Development & Licensing

Indication and Asset Prioritization Forecasting and Valuation Target Product Profile (TPP) & Partnering Package Preparation Partner Identification and Reach Out 
Commercial

Forecasting and Valuation BI Dashboards Marketing and Digital Services Market Access Sales Analytics 


About Us

About i2e Work at i2e Contact Us

Partners

Partners

Resource Center

Blog Case Studies Webinars Events & News

Planisware Exchange 24 


X
 











 
WEBINAR

Effective Data Integrity Program - A structured approach

On 14th October 2020 Wednesday 8:30 PM IST 

Watch RecordingThe webinar is designed for establishing a Data Integrity (DI) program. 

With a holistic view of a company’s operation, the webinar will highlight DI’s 5-p model that global companies are effectively using to minimize exposure to data integrity audit failures..
 After a compendium of DI fundamentals, the webinar will quickly transition to business process considerations and interactions between people, process and equipment coupled with company culture, propensity for humans to make mistakes along with reasons, etc. 
Speaker Introduction

Mr. Chinmoy Roy
Subject Matter Expert in CSV and Data Integrity

Chinmoy Roy is a seasoned life science professional. He is a Subject Matter Expert in CSV and Data Integrity.

However, his skill set that crosses over in multiple areas from engineering to manufacturing IT to laboratory systems, validation, and quality processes. 


He has over 40 years of field experience and uses it to help companies worldwide. While employed at Genentech, he led and directed a team of 50+ people in the design, installation and obtaining “fit for use” certification for the world’s largest paperless biopharmaceutical manufacturing facility. 

In his current consulting role, he conducts Data Integrity audits, some of which he teams up with former FDA auditors. He has assisted companies is establishing Data Integrity programs, training employees in Data Integrity Best Practices. In 2019, his lucid presentation style was awarded the “Best Speaker of the Year” by IVT, USA

Discussion panel
Timur Kabadayi,
Managing Director, CONVALgroup




Banu Refik,
Senior Consultant Quality, CONVALgroup




Arjun Guha,
Director Operations, CONVALgroup

What will you take away from the session?



Pharma 4.0 and DI by Design
Why DI issues occur
What is the 5P model for DI
Recipe for DI program success 
Register Now 








Contact Us




×

 




 








 



 





Solutions 



 Strategy & Consulting 



Business Research 



Business Development and Licensing 



Commercial 





Technologies 



PPM 



AI/ML 



Cloud 



Big Data 





Products 



Executive Dashboards 



Resource Management 



Competitive Intelligence 





About Us 



Blog 



Case Studies 



Contact Us 









© 2024 i2e Consulting. All Rights Reserved. 





Privacy Policy | Disclaimer 





 


Linkedin
 



Facebook
 



Instagram
 





















































