








Disclaimer - i2e Consulting
































































 



















 
 








 
 
Technologies

Planisware Generative AI Project Online AI/ML SharePoint Cloud Big Data

Solutions

Strategy & Consulting

Strategic Portfolio Management R&D Portfolio Management Portfolio Decision Analytics Medical Affairs 
Business Research

Competitive Intelligence EWS Market Assessment 
Business Development & Licensing

Indication and Asset Prioritization Forecasting and Valuation Target Product Profile (TPP) & Partnering Package Preparation Partner Identification and Reach Out 
Commercial

Forecasting and Valuation BI Dashboards Marketing and Digital Services Market Access Sales Analytics 


About Us

About i2e Work at i2e Contact Us

Partners

Partners

Resource Center

Blog Case Studies Webinars Events & News

Planisware Exchange 24 


X
 










Disclaimer
Certain instances have come to our notice wherein some entities are mischievously using our name i2e and incorporated certain entities by the name M/S I2E at  Block No 21, Jatwada Road, Aurangabad, Maharashtra and at Latur.
These entities offer certain remuneration for work from home assignments and other data entry assignments. Any communications which demonstrate or indicate that these entities are related are absolutely false, bogus and mischievous in nature issued with the dishonest intention to defraud the members of the public at large. Please note that i2e Consulting Private Limited is not related, associated or connected to these entities in any manner whatsoever.
We, therefore, reiterate and inform the members of the public at large that i2e Consulting Private Limited has its offices only at below mentioned locations: 2nd Floor, Plot no 43, Sukmani Nivas, Sher E Punjab Colony, Andheri East, Mumbai, Maharashtra 400093.
i2e Consulting Private Limited has its own HR TEAM which directly or, at times, through reputed executive search firm recruits persons suitable for the jobs. No deposit of any sum of money is asked for interviews by i2e Consulting Private Limited.
In view of the above, we once again caution the general public that i2e Consulting Private Limited has no other office locations except at Andheri East, Mumbai and thus members of public should not rely on or act against any emails / communications suggesting otherwise. Any act or omission to the contrary shall be at your risk and responsibility as to costs and consequences thereof.
 








Contact Us




×

 




 








 



 





Solutions 



 Strategy & Consulting 



Business Research 



Business Development and Licensing 



Commercial 





Technologies 



PPM 



AI/ML 



Cloud 



Big Data 





Products 



Executive Dashboards 



Resource Management 



Competitive Intelligence 





About Us 



Blog 



Case Studies 



Contact Us 









© 2024 i2e Consulting. All Rights Reserved. 





Privacy Policy | Disclaimer 





 


Linkedin
 



Facebook
 



Instagram
 





















































