








Early Warning Systems: ML-Powered Competitive Intelligence for Life Sciences






































































 



















 
 








 
 
Technologies

Planisware Generative AI Project Online AI/ML SharePoint Cloud Big Data

Solutions

Strategy & Consulting

Strategic Portfolio Management R&D Portfolio Management Portfolio Decision Analytics Medical Affairs 
Business Research

Competitive Intelligence EWS Market Assessment 
Business Development & Licensing

Indication and Asset Prioritization Forecasting and Valuation Target Product Profile (TPP) & Partnering Package Preparation Partner Identification and Reach Out 
Commercial

Forecasting and Valuation BI Dashboards Marketing and Digital Services Market Access Sales Analytics 


About Us

About i2e Work at i2e Contact Us

Partners

Partners

Resource Center

Blog Case Studies Webinars Events & News

Planisware Exchange 24 


X
 












CASE STUDY



Pharma invests in game theory to
predict competitive events and act
more decisively on medicine investments


 


Business Case

A global pharma giant was looking to make their competitive Intelligence agile, and with less manual intervention. Originally, subject matter experts (SMEs) used to research hundreds of news articles, and manually discuss the impact of the global events with their colleagues. Their current system neither had collaborative capabilities nor gave the SMEs a platform to save and share the predictions among the team and discuss their extent of impact on the business.
The SMEs also had to go through numerous news articles to come to a conclusion on the nature of the event (how much of a threat or an opportunity it is). While doing so they had to navigate through hundreds of duplicate articles, and sometimes, even miss out on a related global event. Such instances were skewing their Predictions.
The client approached i2e to digitalize their competitive intelligence process which can allow the SMEs to focus more on decision-making and less on manual data processing
Key  Challenges
 


Manual competitive intelligence process


 


Lack of collaboration and inability to save/share predictions


 


SMEs had to sort through numerous news articles to identify threats/opportunities


 


Discussions with colleagues impacted decision-making

Our Solution

Team i2e divided the project into two phases, developing solutions for each problem.

Phase 1Collaborative Competitive Intelligence Platform

The team built a competitive intelligence platform on Angular-a modern web application framework. This platform helped the SMEs to start and save the prediction flow digitally.  


They can also attach the selected news articles to validate their predictions. Once the prediction is complete, the SMEs can share it with other colleagues, discuss, and approve it.


The platform also helped the senior management to have a consolidated view of the predictions and make an informed strategic decision.

Dataiku’s deployer node for API deployment saved a lot of time while deploying the ML model.


Phase 2Algorithm for filtering out unwanted noise

Our team used the Dataiku platform to develop and deploy ML algorithms to filter, sort, and deduplicate the news articles. Result- the SMEs were presented with the most authoritative information.  


The algorithm was also smart enough to do a secondary and a tertiary search of the other factors which can influence the global event.


This reduced the number of articles that the SMEs must go through and helped them concentrate on predicting.

Challenges Overcome

Selection of algorithms required multiple iterations.  


Training the algorithm to identify the noise from the actual content.



Benefits

The SMEs were able to collaborate and work on the predictions hassle free.  


They were able to validate the predictions by attaching news articles.

All the prediction information is saved on one platform for easy viewing.

The algorithm helped the SMEs save time separating noise from actual information.

The secondary and tertiary searches broadened the scope of their predictions.


 
 








Contact Us




×

 




 








 



 





Solutions 



 Strategy & Consulting 



Business Research 



Business Development and Licensing 



Commercial 





Technologies 



PPM 



AI/ML 



Cloud 



Big Data 





Products 



Executive Dashboards 



Resource Management 



Competitive Intelligence 





About Us 



Blog 



Case Studies 



Contact Us 









© 2024 i2e Consulting. All Rights Reserved. 





Privacy Policy | Disclaimer 





 


Linkedin
 



Facebook
 



Instagram
 




















































