








Empower Your Enterprise With The Immense Potential Of PowerApps - i2e Consulting









































































 



















 
 








 
 
Technologies

Planisware Generative AI Project Online AI/ML SharePoint Cloud Big Data

Solutions

Strategy & Consulting

Strategic Portfolio Management R&D Portfolio Management Portfolio Decision Analytics Medical Affairs 
Business Research

Competitive Intelligence EWS Market Assessment 
Business Development & Licensing

Indication and Asset Prioritization Forecasting and Valuation Target Product Profile (TPP) & Partnering Package Preparation Partner Identification and Reach Out 
Commercial

Forecasting and Valuation BI Dashboards Marketing and Digital Services Market Access Sales Analytics 


About Us

About i2e Work at i2e Contact Us

Partners

Partners

Resource Center

Blog Case Studies Webinars Events & News

Planisware Exchange 24 


X
 




















 


Empower Your Enterprise With The Immense Potential Of PowerApps - i2e Consulting                                

October 29, 2020                                

If change is the only constant in the modern world, then the growling engine for the change to happen constantly is Technology. Technology is evolving rapidly, and it is transforming the way we communicate, conduct business, and operate. Every hour there is either a new software or an application that’s getting launched to streamline operations and improve efficiency.
Who is the king of all operating systems? Microsoft isn’t it! They have been making lives easy and fulfilling business needs for years. In 2017, Microsoft launched PowerApps, a simple, convenient, and connected platform that allows one to create world-class business applications with great agility. With PowerApps, you can simply drag and drop features and create your app in no time. You don’t need to be a coding champ to create apps on PowerApps.
What is PowerApps?
Microsoft PowerApps is a platform as a service (PaaS). It is a collection of services, connectors, and data platforms that provide an environment wherein you can create business apps running on any operating system or browser.
These apps can directly connect with your cloud or on-premise database. They come with highly interactive controls and can seamlessly integrate all your workflows and business logic. PowerApps can help you build responsive apps that can run on any device (Android, Windows, or iOS) and any browser. It also gives you the flexibility to connect with external data sources, interact with metadata, develop customized connectors, and integrate business logic.
Building professional apps has never been so easy. You don’t need to understand the complexities of coding or need to be a tech geek to build an application. All you need to do is use some existing template, apply the business workflows, and deploy the app in the blink of an eye.
Top Business Benefits of Microsoft PowerApps
1 Integration with Microsoft Azure
Microsoft Azure makes application development easy and simple! You can easily run code snippets on Azure without worrying about the infrastructure, platform, or web containers. This feature is very beneficial for applications like processing jobs, images, or performing regular file maintenance.
2 High Speed and Performance
We live in a world where even the next day can be too late. PowerApps eliminates some of the time-consuming processes with simple drag and drop features in the application development cycle. You can now develop a fully functioning business app quickly using PowerApps. Rapid app development is one of the biggest benefits that PowerApps brings to the table.
3 Streamlined Development Process
Traditionally in most companies, developers/coders or any external vendor develops applications. The entire process of raising a ticket, getting approval, development, testing, and development is tedious and time consuming. In the meantime, the concerned department might suffer or face loss, as they still had to use the old systems and applications. With PowerApps, you can develop and deploy apps right when it is needed. All the parts, features, and templates are ready. All you need to do is put them together and bingo!
4 Integration with Office 365 and Microsoft Flow
PowerApps is completely integrated with Microsoft Office 365, Microsoft Flow, and Power BI. This makes it easy and convenient to send or receive data from SharePoint, Excel, PowerPoint, or any other application that you or your clients might be using. Microsoft Flow empowers your apps by updating them with the latest developments or data updates on the connected platforms.
5 Cost-Effective Solution
Finally, PowerApps does not cost much. The subscription plans start at just $10 per month (for two apps and one portal). You can use the $40 plan for unlimited apps. Connect with your admin and software vendor today to get the best deal in PowerApps.
How PowerApps are empowering the Healthcare industry
The life sciences and healthcare industry are always trying to deliver better and more efficient healthcare services. In this pursuit, it is often difficult to meet the patients, doctors, and other stakeholders’ demands. Thanks to Microsoft PowerApps, today, this industry can deliver quick and robust solutions.
1 Seamless Data Integration
Practitioners can provide better services when they can access medical records from different sources. PowerApps allows doctors and medical staff to access data from different sources like Excel, PDF, SharePoint, Drive, Outlook, or Dropbox. Hence, one can access all the data, right on the go, irrespective of  the location.
2 Ensure complete compliance with the regulations
With the new GDPR law into action, it has become even more challenging for this sector to comply with all the regulations. Microsoft PowerApps is a completely secure and connected platform that keeps all data safe and secured. It brings a huge sigh of relief for the healthcare sector and allows them to adhere to the GDPR principles effectively.
3 Automate time consuming Processes
Imagine the plight of the medical representatives or field agents. They have to visit doctors, understand the markets, record different transactions, and finally make a sale. Their entire journey can be made smoother and effective with the help of apps and forms developed using PowerApps. You don’t need any specialist to build the app. A field agent himself can build a convenient app and close deals quickly.
There are several success stories of individual practitioners, healthcare managers, or field agents who have realized the immense potential of PowerApps. Here’s how a Pharma Sales Manager with the Hawkary Pharmaceuticals (based out of Iraq) used PowerApps to automate reporting, streamlined processes and digitized most of the processes.[i]
Healthcare practitioners and providers worldwide are trying to leverage technology to automate redundant processes, use digital solutions for better service, and find ways to make lives easier for them. In this context, Microsoft PowerApps integrated with Office 365, Azure, and Flow comes as a welcome relief. It has allowed healthcare providers and people in the life sciences industry to unify operations with patient engagement.
If you are looking to build professional quality apps that connect with your database and have a responsive design, look no further than Microsoft PowerApps!

[i] https://powerapps.microsoft.com/en-us/blog/hawkary-pharmaceuticals-digitizes-daily-sales-visit-reporting-using-powerapps/


Tags: Business Benefits of Power Apps, Power Apps, Power Apps in healthcare industry 












     Prev Post 

Next Post       







You might also like







Is Your Data Ready for Generative AI: A Guide for Life Sciences Organizations                                      








Change Management- What is it? And Why Should Project Managers Understand and Own it                                     








A Pharma Success Story: How a Generative AI Chatbot Helped in Driving Swift Query Resolution in Clinical Trials                                     








What is Generative AI & How Can Life Sciences Organizations Benefit from it                                     








Common Resource Allocation Challenges and How Digital PPM Solutions can Solve them                                    








Mastering Enterprise Project Portfolio Management: The Planisware Enterprise Advantage                                     








Why Planisware Orchestra is a one-stop solution for SMEs in Project Portfolio Management?                                    








Enhancing Sales and Marketing Collaborations with SharePoint and AI                                     




















Contact Us




×

 




 








 



 





Solutions 



 Strategy & Consulting 



Business Research 



Business Development and Licensing 



Commercial 





Technologies 



PPM 



AI/ML 



Cloud 



Big Data 





Products 



Executive Dashboards 



Resource Management 



Competitive Intelligence 





About Us 



Blog 



Case Studies 



Contact Us 









© 2024 i2e Consulting. All Rights Reserved. 





Privacy Policy | Disclaimer 





 


Linkedin
 



Facebook
 



Instagram
 

























































