








Everest Group PEAK Matrix 2024 Life Sciences Specialist Assessment - i2e Consulting




































































 



















 
 








 
 
Technologies

Planisware Generative AI Project Online AI/ML SharePoint Cloud Big Data

Solutions

Strategy & Consulting

Strategic Portfolio Management R&D Portfolio Management Portfolio Decision Analytics Medical Affairs 
Business Research

Competitive Intelligence EWS Market Assessment 
Business Development & Licensing

Indication and Asset Prioritization Forecasting and Valuation Target Product Profile (TPP) & Partnering Package Preparation Partner Identification and Reach Out 
Commercial

Forecasting and Valuation BI Dashboards Marketing and Digital Services Market Access Sales Analytics 


About Us

About i2e Work at i2e Contact Us

Partners

Partners

Resource Center

Blog Case Studies Webinars Events & News

Planisware Exchange 24 


X
 
















				Major Contender in Everest Group PEAK matrix 2024						








i2e Consulting has been included as a Major Contender in the Life Sciences (DS) Specialist Peak Assessment, 2024 by the Everest Group. This inaugural report includes evaluation across Market Impact (market adoption, portfolio mix, and value delivered) and Vision and Capability (Strategy, scope of services, innovation, delivery footprint) and evaluates 15+ providers’ offerings in life sciences.
 







Everest Group’s PEAK Matrix® is a proprietary framework used for evaluating service and technology providers. The dimensions of the matrix include measuring impact created in the market and assessment of vision and capability based on the ability to deliver products successfully. 







i2e has stood out for its domain specific analytics and technology solutions across the entire life sciences value chain. Other strengths highlighted in the report include i2e’s ability to deliver innovative solutions across emerging technologies, domain expertise complimented by strategic technology partnerships, which helps businesses to unlock value faster. 







The recognition underscores i2e’s commitment to lead digital transformation for the life sciences industry through continuous innovation. Our focus on AI innovation and analytics transformation is enabling us to drive real-value transformation at scale for our clients. 







About i2e 



i2e leads transformation for the life sciences industry through best-in-class analytics and technology solutions. Our market leading execution capabilities and domain expertise help pharmaceutical companies, biotech, and healthcare organizations deliver innovations that create a healthier world. We help R&D, clinical development, commercialization functions accelerate time-to-value, prioritize industry leading innovation, and establish portfolio leadership. 













Contact Us




×

 




 








 



 





Solutions 



Strategy & Consulting 



Business Research 



Business Development and Licensing 



Commercial 





Technologies 



PPM 



AI/ML 



Cloud 



Big Data 





Products 



Executive Dashboards 



Resource Management 



Competitive Intelligence 





About Us 



Blog 



Case Studies 



Contact Us 









© 2024 i2e Consulting. All Rights Reserved. 





Privacy Policy | Disclaimer 





 


Linkedin
 



Facebook
 



Instagram
 
















































