








i2e Consulting Partners with DOMO to Help Life Sciences Companies Attain Superior Data and Business Intelligence - i2e Consulting





































































 



















 
 








 
 
Technologies

Planisware Generative AI Project Online AI/ML SharePoint Cloud Big Data

Solutions

Strategy & Consulting

Strategic Portfolio Management R&D Portfolio Management Portfolio Decision Analytics Medical Affairs 
Business Research

Competitive Intelligence EWS Market Assessment 
Business Development & Licensing

Indication and Asset Prioritization Forecasting and Valuation Target Product Profile (TPP) & Partnering Package Preparation Partner Identification and Reach Out 
Commercial

Forecasting and Valuation BI Dashboards Marketing and Digital Services Market Access Sales Analytics 


About Us

About i2e Work at i2e Contact Us

Partners

Partners

Resource Center

Blog Case Studies Webinars Events & News

Planisware Exchange 24 


X
 





















i2e Consulting Partners with DOMO to Help Life Sciences Companies Attain Superior Data and Business Intelligence - i2e Consulting                                

May 23, 2023                                

Data can be a boon or a bane for the life sciences companies depending on how good they are at managing it. Being the trusted technology partner for global pharma companies, we always understood our client’s needs, partnered with the industry’s best to provide the finest solutions.
In the same pursuit, we added another esteemed partner- DOMO, a cloud-based, social, community-driven business intelligence platform. With DOMO you can view data in one place, spread it across your organization, collaborate on important goals, and create accountability.
This new partnership will allow us to create innovative solutions and make data management and cloud deployment effective and hassle-free for all our clients. “We are extremely proud to have this partnership with DOMO, together I am sure we will develop and deploy top notch solutions.” says Sri Kanagala, CTO and Co-Founder, i2e Consulting.
DOMO is the right technology for the life sciences industry as it is loaded with features such as promoting collaboration and data driven decision making throughout the company, getting insights faster for faster and accurate decisions, and much more. “Thrilled to have secured this partnership, I am sure together we will solve customer pain points and offer them modern and sophisticated solutions,” says Sudhir Karanth, CEO, i2e Consulting.















     Prev Post 

Next Post       







You might also like







Is Your Data Ready for Generative AI: A Guide for Life Sciences Organizations                                      








Change Management- What is it? And Why Should Project Managers Understand and Own it                                     








A Pharma Success Story: How a Generative AI Chatbot Helped in Driving Swift Query Resolution in Clinical Trials                                     








What is Generative AI & How Can Life Sciences Organizations Benefit from it                                     








Common Resource Allocation Challenges and How Digital PPM Solutions can Solve them                                    








Mastering Enterprise Project Portfolio Management: The Planisware Enterprise Advantage                                     








Why Planisware Orchestra is a one-stop solution for SMEs in Project Portfolio Management?                                    








Enhancing Sales and Marketing Collaborations with SharePoint and AI                                     




















Contact Us




×

 




 








 



 





Solutions 



 Strategy & Consulting 



Business Research 



Business Development and Licensing 



Commercial 





Technologies 



PPM 



AI/ML 



Cloud 



Big Data 





Products 



Executive Dashboards 



Resource Management 



Competitive Intelligence 





About Us 



Blog 



Case Studies 



Contact Us 









© 2024 i2e Consulting. All Rights Reserved. 





Privacy Policy | Disclaimer 





 


Linkedin
 



Facebook
 



Instagram
 

























































