








i2e is now ISO9001 and ISM 27001 Certified- A Testament to Our Commitment Towards Quality and Security - i2e Consulting





































































 



















 
 








 
 
Technologies

Planisware Generative AI Project Online AI/ML SharePoint Cloud Big Data

Solutions

Strategy & Consulting

Strategic Portfolio Management R&D Portfolio Management Portfolio Decision Analytics Medical Affairs 
Business Research

Competitive Intelligence EWS Market Assessment 
Business Development & Licensing

Indication and Asset Prioritization Forecasting and Valuation Target Product Profile (TPP) & Partnering Package Preparation Partner Identification and Reach Out 
Commercial

Forecasting and Valuation BI Dashboards Marketing and Digital Services Market Access Sales Analytics 


About Us

About i2e Work at i2e Contact Us

Partners

Partners

Resource Center

Blog Case Studies Webinars Events & News

Planisware Exchange 24 


X
 





















i2e is now ISO9001 and ISM 27001 Certified- A Testament to Our Commitment Towards Quality and Security - i2e Consulting                                

August 20, 2021                                

i2e Consulting, a leading software services company delivering both consultancy services and tailored technology solutions, announced today that it is now ISO: 9001 and ISMS 27001 certificated. These certifications assert the fact that i2e is committed to information security of the client’s sensitive documents, as well as possess the ability to consistently deliver peak quality outputs by delivering continuous improvements to products, services, and internal processes. 
`” Being an IT consulting company, we deal with lots of sensitive customer data. By achieving ISM27001, i2e has proved its commitment to adhere to international standards of data sensitivity and security. It also reflects the fact that i2e has all the necessary controls in place to ensure the utmost security standards are met by technology, people, and process,” says Vishal Rane, Director at i2e Consulting.  
The ISO27001 certification is awarded to those organizations that establish, implement, maintain and continuously improve an information security management system (ISMS). By taking the necessary steps to comply with these standards, organizations can identify, control, and reduce security risks. 
Vishal further adds, “By achieving the ISO9001 certification, i2e has proved that it will work relentlessly to attain the highest quality for its customers. The product development processes at i2e follow stringent quality standards and are thoroughly tested. With this certification, i2e’s technology, process, and people have been thoroughly inspected against the rigid quality standards of ISO.” 
The most popular quality and security management system standards, ISO9001 and ISM27001 help businesses to prove their strengths in consistently improving their products and services that meet customer needs, as well as fulfill the applicable statutory and regulatory requirements.  
“Receiving these two certifications is a testament to i2e’s dedication towards safeguarding the client information and striving to deliver services of the highest standard,” adds Prashant Apte, Director at i2e Consulting. 
To know more on how our professional service capabilities can assist your transformation journey, with consulting packages focussed on your business needs, get in touch with us through our website. 
About i2e consulting 
Formed in 2008, i2e Consulting is a software services company delivering both consultancy services and tailored technology solutions for organizations in the life sciences industry. 


Tags: i2e consulting, ISO9001 certification, software services company 












     Prev Post 

Next Post       







You might also like







Is Your Data Ready for Generative AI: A Guide for Life Sciences Organizations                                      








Change Management- What is it? And Why Should Project Managers Understand and Own it                                     








A Pharma Success Story: How a Generative AI Chatbot Helped in Driving Swift Query Resolution in Clinical Trials                                     








What is Generative AI & How Can Life Sciences Organizations Benefit from it                                     








Common Resource Allocation Challenges and How Digital PPM Solutions can Solve them                                    








Mastering Enterprise Project Portfolio Management: The Planisware Enterprise Advantage                                     








Why Planisware Orchestra is a one-stop solution for SMEs in Project Portfolio Management?                                    








Enhancing Sales and Marketing Collaborations with SharePoint and AI                                     




















Contact Us




×

 




 








 



 





Solutions 



 Strategy & Consulting 



Business Research 



Business Development and Licensing 



Commercial 





Technologies 



PPM 



AI/ML 



Cloud 



Big Data 





Products 



Executive Dashboards 



Resource Management 



Competitive Intelligence 





About Us 



Blog 



Case Studies 



Contact Us 









© 2024 i2e Consulting. All Rights Reserved. 





Privacy Policy | Disclaimer 





 


Linkedin
 



Facebook
 



Instagram
 

























































