








i2e Consulting gets certified by Great Place to Work India





































































 



















 
 








 
 
Technologies

Planisware Generative AI Project Online AI/ML SharePoint Cloud Big Data

Solutions

Strategy & Consulting

Strategic Portfolio Management R&D Portfolio Management Portfolio Decision Analytics Medical Affairs 
Business Research

Competitive Intelligence EWS Market Assessment 
Business Development & Licensing

Indication and Asset Prioritization Forecasting and Valuation Target Product Profile (TPP) & Partnering Package Preparation Partner Identification and Reach Out 
Commercial

Forecasting and Valuation BI Dashboards Marketing and Digital Services Market Access Sales Analytics 


About Us

About i2e Work at i2e Contact Us

Partners

Partners

Resource Center

Blog Case Studies Webinars Events & News

Planisware Exchange 24 


X
 





















i2e Consulting gets certified by Great Place to Work India                                

September 23, 2021                                

i2e Consulting, a leading software services company delivering both consultancy services and tailored technology solutions, announced today that it is certified by Great Place to Work ® for 2021-2022. The survey is India’s largest annual study on workplaces and is based on confidential employee feedback and an audit of the management processes. 
“We are thrilled and amazed to get certified by Great Place to Work India ®. Our employees made working at i2e a special experience every day. We congratulate and thank them for their continued trust and commitment,” says Sudhir Karanth, CEO, i2e Consulting. 
The Great Place to Work ® certification stands as proof of the company’s commitment to invest in its employees’ growth and excellence. It also is a testament to its vibrant and inclusive culture. 
“This is a well-deserved recognition of our inclusive and rewarding culture,” says Sri Kanagala, Director i2e Consulting. He further adds “i2e Consulting attracts and retains top talent because we invest in our people and strive to create the best environment for them to acquire new skills and grow.” 
i2e will continue to invest in its employees’ growth and strive to retain the trust they have in them because these are the aspects that made i2e Consulting a Great Place to work. 
To know more about the company’s culture and what the employees think of i2e browse through our website or get in touch with us. 
About i2e consulting  
Formed in 2008, i2e Consulting is a software services company delivering both consultancy services and tailored technology solutions for organizations in the life sciences industry. 


Tags: great place to work India, life sciences industry, software services company 












     Prev Post 

Next Post       







You might also like







Is Your Data Ready for Generative AI: A Guide for Life Sciences Organizations                                      








Change Management- What is it? And Why Should Project Managers Understand and Own it                                     








A Pharma Success Story: How a Generative AI Chatbot Helped in Driving Swift Query Resolution in Clinical Trials                                     








What is Generative AI & How Can Life Sciences Organizations Benefit from it                                     








Common Resource Allocation Challenges and How Digital PPM Solutions can Solve them                                    








Mastering Enterprise Project Portfolio Management: The Planisware Enterprise Advantage                                     








Why Planisware Orchestra is a one-stop solution for SMEs in Project Portfolio Management?                                    








Enhancing Sales and Marketing Collaborations with SharePoint and AI                                     




















Contact Us




×

 




 








 



 





Solutions 



 Strategy & Consulting 



Business Research 



Business Development and Licensing 



Commercial 





Technologies 



PPM 



AI/ML 



Cloud 



Big Data 





Products 



Executive Dashboards 



Resource Management 



Competitive Intelligence 





About Us 



Blog 



Case Studies 



Contact Us 









© 2024 i2e Consulting. All Rights Reserved. 





Privacy Policy | Disclaimer 





 


Linkedin
 



Facebook
 



Instagram
 

























































