








i2e Consulting gets The Great Place to Work® India certified for second consecutive year





































































 



















 
 








 
 
Technologies

Planisware Generative AI Project Online AI/ML SharePoint Cloud Big Data

Solutions

Strategy & Consulting

Strategic Portfolio Management R&D Portfolio Management Portfolio Decision Analytics Medical Affairs 
Business Research

Competitive Intelligence EWS Market Assessment 
Business Development & Licensing

Indication and Asset Prioritization Forecasting and Valuation Target Product Profile (TPP) & Partnering Package Preparation Partner Identification and Reach Out 
Commercial

Forecasting and Valuation BI Dashboards Marketing and Digital Services Market Access Sales Analytics 


About Us

About i2e Work at i2e Contact Us

Partners

Partners

Resource Center

Blog Case Studies Webinars Events & News

Planisware Exchange 24 


X
 





















i2e Consulting gets The Great Place to Work® India certified for second consecutive year                                

September 15, 2022                                

i2e Consulting is pleased to announce that it has made it to Great Place to Work® (GPW) India, second year in a row. GPW survey is India’s largest annual study on workplaces and is based on confidential employee feedback and an audit of the management processes.  
“Being recognized as a great place to work second consecutive year is fantastic. This is a team effort, and we are proud to receive the honours in our journey of building a high-trust, inclusive workplace that promotes growth. We are a work in progress for sure, such accolades stand testament that we are on track.”, Sudhir Karanth, CEO, i2e Consulting. 
“Congratulations to the entire family without whose trust and dedication this would not have been possible. The certification stands as proof of our commitment towards growth and development of our people. Initiatives like, career second innings a special initiative where we recruit and train women with career break, work from anywhere, paid internships have helped i2e have a presence in the remotest villages in India. 35% of our workforce is women. We have a long way to go but glad the results of our initiative are showing. Together, we will take our organization to greater heights.”, Vishal Rane, COO, i2e Consulting 
About The Great Place to Work® 
The Great Place to Work® Assessment is considered a ‘Gold Standard’ in workplace Culture assessment and no jury or individual can influence the results of the assessment. The recognition is based on rigorous assessment independently conducted by Great Place to Work® Institute India. 
About i2e Consulting   
Formed in 2008, i2e Consulting is a software services company delivering both consultancy services and tailored technology solutions for organizations in the life sciences industry. 
To know more about the company’s culture and what the employees think of i2e browse through our website or get in touch with us.  















     Prev Post 

Next Post       







You might also like







Is Your Data Ready for Generative AI: A Guide for Life Sciences Organizations                                      








Change Management- What is it? And Why Should Project Managers Understand and Own it                                     








A Pharma Success Story: How a Generative AI Chatbot Helped in Driving Swift Query Resolution in Clinical Trials                                     








What is Generative AI & How Can Life Sciences Organizations Benefit from it                                     








Common Resource Allocation Challenges and How Digital PPM Solutions can Solve them                                    








Mastering Enterprise Project Portfolio Management: The Planisware Enterprise Advantage                                     








Why Planisware Orchestra is a one-stop solution for SMEs in Project Portfolio Management?                                    








Enhancing Sales and Marketing Collaborations with SharePoint and AI                                     




















Contact Us




×

 




 








 



 





Solutions 



 Strategy & Consulting 



Business Research 



Business Development and Licensing 



Commercial 





Technologies 



PPM 



AI/ML 



Cloud 



Big Data 





Products 



Executive Dashboards 



Resource Management 



Competitive Intelligence 





About Us 



Blog 



Case Studies 



Contact Us 









© 2024 i2e Consulting. All Rights Reserved. 





Privacy Policy | Disclaimer 





 


Linkedin
 



Facebook
 



Instagram
 

























































