








i2e signs agreement with Aramco for support and configuration services for Planisware®  tool of its R&D department - i2e Consulting





































































 



















 
 








 
 
Technologies

Planisware Generative AI Project Online AI/ML SharePoint Cloud Big Data

Solutions

Strategy & Consulting

Strategic Portfolio Management R&D Portfolio Management Portfolio Decision Analytics Medical Affairs 
Business Research

Competitive Intelligence EWS Market Assessment 
Business Development & Licensing

Indication and Asset Prioritization Forecasting and Valuation Target Product Profile (TPP) & Partnering Package Preparation Partner Identification and Reach Out 
Commercial

Forecasting and Valuation BI Dashboards Marketing and Digital Services Market Access Sales Analytics 


About Us

About i2e Work at i2e Contact Us

Partners

Partners

Resource Center

Blog Case Studies Webinars Events & News

Planisware Exchange 24 


X
 





















i2e signs agreement with Aramco for support and configuration services for Planisware®  tool of its R&D department - i2e Consulting                                

October 19, 2020                                

 i2e Consulting, amongst the few companies to provide Planisware® maintenance and support services globally, have signed an agreement with Aramco for Planisware® support. 
The demand for Planisware® support is showing growth, and i2e is happy to offer it expertise in the area. Daily support and maintenance of Planisware® tool, server configuration and maintenance, and on-demand custom reports or services, along with integrations to existing third-party applications are among the major commitments made by i2e Consulting. 
The CEO of i2e Consulting, said: ” We are delighted to enter into this agreement with Aramco and are looking for a long-term commitment. This is our first time offering Planisware support and services in the middle east and it’s looking like an opportunity to expand business in the region. “ 
About Aramco 
A leading producer of the energy and chemicals that drive global commerce and enhance the daily lives of people around the globe. 
About i2e Consulting 
i2e Consulting is a software services company based out of Groton, CT that combines the power of technology, domain expertise, and business to provide sustainable solutions in digital transformation and PPM. 















     Prev Post 

Next Post       







You might also like







Is Your Data Ready for Generative AI: A Guide for Life Sciences Organizations                                      








Change Management- What is it? And Why Should Project Managers Understand and Own it                                     








A Pharma Success Story: How a Generative AI Chatbot Helped in Driving Swift Query Resolution in Clinical Trials                                     








What is Generative AI & How Can Life Sciences Organizations Benefit from it                                     








Common Resource Allocation Challenges and How Digital PPM Solutions can Solve them                                    








Mastering Enterprise Project Portfolio Management: The Planisware Enterprise Advantage                                     








Why Planisware Orchestra is a one-stop solution for SMEs in Project Portfolio Management?                                    








Enhancing Sales and Marketing Collaborations with SharePoint and AI                                     




















Contact Us




×

 




 








 



 





Solutions 



 Strategy & Consulting 



Business Research 



Business Development and Licensing 



Commercial 





Technologies 



PPM 



AI/ML 



Cloud 



Big Data 





Products 



Executive Dashboards 



Resource Management 



Competitive Intelligence 





About Us 



Blog 



Case Studies 



Contact Us 









© 2024 i2e Consulting. All Rights Reserved. 





Privacy Policy | Disclaimer 





 


Linkedin
 



Facebook
 



Instagram
 

























































