








I2E Consulting Invests in Dataiku Partnership for AI and ML Solutions






































































 



















 
 








 
 
Technologies

Planisware Generative AI Project Online AI/ML SharePoint Cloud Big Data

Solutions

Strategy & Consulting

Strategic Portfolio Management R&D Portfolio Management Portfolio Decision Analytics Medical Affairs 
Business Research

Competitive Intelligence EWS Market Assessment 
Business Development & Licensing

Indication and Asset Prioritization Forecasting and Valuation Target Product Profile (TPP) & Partnering Package Preparation Partner Identification and Reach Out 
Commercial

Forecasting and Valuation BI Dashboards Marketing and Digital Services Market Access Sales Analytics 


About Us

About i2e Work at i2e Contact Us

Partners

Partners

Resource Center

Blog Case Studies Webinars Events & News

Planisware Exchange 24 


X
 





















I2E Consulting Invests in Dataiku Partnership for AI and ML Solutions                                

May 24, 2023                                

i2e Consulting, a leading global provider of software services, has announced a significant investment in its partnership with Dataiku to deliver high-quality AI services for the life sciences industry. The company is committed to establishing a robust ecosystem to offer collaborative solutions and developing go-to-market capabilities to provide world-class AI and ML solutions. 
Dataiku is an all-in-one platform that enables the design, deployment, and management of AI applications. By leveraging Dataiku, we have successfully implemented AI applications that have saved time and improved the productivity of crucial pharma processes. With the rising demand for AI applications in the life sciences industry, we are thrilled to collaborate with Dataiku to provide effective solutions that meet the industry’s evolving needs 
i2e Consulting plans to create a team of data scientists, business analysts, and solution analysts who will be Dataiku certified and trained to deliver tailored AI and ML solutions. “Our plan of action is to recruit and train professionals to build a strong Dataiku team, our Dataiku practice lead Reshma Katkar is instrumental in driving teams towards successful project completion,” says Sri Kanagala, Director, i2e Consulting. 
We are fully equipped with a highly skilled team of certified professionals and a strong partnership with Dataiku, enabling us to provide cutting-edge solutions to the life sciences industry. “This presents an excellent opportunity for young professionals seeking to start a career in AI and ML, as we are actively investing in people and developing their skills,” says Sudhir Karanth, CEO, i2e Consulting. 
Our life sciences expertise, combined with Dataiku’s technical advancements, forms the ultimate package for AI and ML solutions for life sciences businesses. This powerful combination enables us to deliver innovative solutions that meet the evolving needs of the industry, providing our clients with a competitive edge. 
 
To know more about i2e Consulting visit: www.i2econsulting.com 















     Prev Post 

Next Post       







You might also like







Is Your Data Ready for Generative AI: A Guide for Life Sciences Organizations                                      








Change Management- What is it? And Why Should Project Managers Understand and Own it                                     








A Pharma Success Story: How a Generative AI Chatbot Helped in Driving Swift Query Resolution in Clinical Trials                                     








What is Generative AI & How Can Life Sciences Organizations Benefit from it                                     








Common Resource Allocation Challenges and How Digital PPM Solutions can Solve them                                    








Mastering Enterprise Project Portfolio Management: The Planisware Enterprise Advantage                                     








Why Planisware Orchestra is a one-stop solution for SMEs in Project Portfolio Management?                                    








Enhancing Sales and Marketing Collaborations with SharePoint and AI                                     




















Contact Us




×

 




 








 



 





Solutions 



 Strategy & Consulting 



Business Research 



Business Development and Licensing 



Commercial 





Technologies 



PPM 



AI/ML 



Cloud 



Big Data 





Products 



Executive Dashboards 



Resource Management 



Competitive Intelligence 





About Us 



Blog 



Case Studies 



Contact Us 









© 2024 i2e Consulting. All Rights Reserved. 





Privacy Policy | Disclaimer 





 


Linkedin
 



Facebook
 



Instagram
 

























































