








Delving Deeper into Sci-Fi Reality with Immersive Data Visualization - i2e Consulting





































































 



















 
 








 
 
Technologies

Planisware Generative AI Project Online AI/ML SharePoint Cloud Big Data

Solutions

Strategy & Consulting

Strategic Portfolio Management R&D Portfolio Management Portfolio Decision Analytics Medical Affairs 
Business Research

Competitive Intelligence EWS Market Assessment 
Business Development & Licensing

Indication and Asset Prioritization Forecasting and Valuation Target Product Profile (TPP) & Partnering Package Preparation Partner Identification and Reach Out 
Commercial

Forecasting and Valuation BI Dashboards Marketing and Digital Services Market Access Sales Analytics 


About Us

About i2e Work at i2e Contact Us

Partners

Partners

Resource Center

Blog Case Studies Webinars Events & News

Planisware Exchange 24 


X
 





















Delving Deeper into Sci-Fi Reality with Immersive Data Visualization - i2e Consulting                                

April 14, 2017                                

 
Many folks engaged in the digital revolution from the beginning still find it wondrous at times. The experience must be truly mind-bending and useful though. Young techies in their twenties cannot exactly relate to folks in their thirties or forties with the experience of a much less ‘technical’ reality. The differences of growing up in an era when mobile phones seemed rather an improbable science-fiction idea, the pace of latest developments can feel rather wondrous at times. Things that were seen only in movies like star wars coming to mundane everyday reality (not all of it of course till now) provides a great kind of immersion.

Visualizing the future 
Modern advances in artificial intelligence, 3D printing, digital text cultivation, and virtual reality simulations are some of the neatest areas of wondrous advancements, besides the overall internet obviously. These technologies are still in their rather nascent phases, but they hold immense potential to revolutionize the future into a deeper (emotional) interaction between man and machine.
Immersive data visualization refers to the evolutionary system of viewing Big Data in 3D surrounding, with the ability to interact with the viewer. Several top tech services globally are exploring the various aspects of fielding the unending stream of dynamic data into a virtual 3D experience. Numerous issues still wait figuring out for the system to be perfect, but the rate of progress is good.
Work in progress 
The issues include developing real time dynamic sorting algorithm, instant archive access to static data, filtering, and to design a perfect corporate technology to this end. This technology aspect not only includes the software and the hardware aspects, but also in delivering an aesthetic, fluent user experience. Furthermore, with the incredible demand for virtual gaming recreation from a multibillion dollar global industry, there is also a need of segregating the recreational from the official on the same platform, or probably, combing the elements of both. High-tech centers such as Tokyo regularly serve as conference venues for AI related discussions.
Keeping Pace 
Moreover, serving its roles as a digital archive of accessible data, the internet is a rich source of figuring out the developments and keeping pace with latest news. Things are in the process of going somewhere, and anyone involved with data mining recognize the refreshing value of working in virtual ambience of numbers, signs, and alphabets simulated in space! However, for all practical purposes, the 3D technology is yet to be as assertive and perfectionist as one would benefit from the granular analytics at a computer screen. The immersive data visualization resources currently available might feel great, but are still insufficient for realistic execution of complex business algorithms fluently.
A New Perspective 
A very noteworthy trend here is that the application of this Virtual Reality technology for artistic executions along with corporate and gaming related purposes. Renowned international artists like Bjork have already perfected the available technology to deliver truly mind-expanding experiences to viewers. In all the purviews, the world can definitely look up to a nearby future that combines artistry, business, and adrenaline (as in gaming) into a harmonic symphony of accessible technology for a truly twenty first century world.















     Prev Post 

Next Post       







You might also like







Data Visualization solutions: Exploration and Presentation                                    








Augmented Reality’s Increasing Role in Enterprise                                    








Mind Vector – Pioneering The Field of Mind Mapping in Augmented Reality                                    








Augmented Reality Revolutionizing the Medical World                                    








Augmented Reality – The Technology of the Future                                    








How Augmented Reality will change Data Visualization                                    








Is Your Data Ready for Generative AI: A Guide for Life Sciences Organizations                                      








Change Management- What is it? And Why Should Project Managers Understand and Own it                                     




















Contact Us




×

 




 








 



 





Solutions 



 Strategy & Consulting 



Business Research 



Business Development and Licensing 



Commercial 





Technologies 



PPM 



AI/ML 



Cloud 



Big Data 





Products 



Executive Dashboards 



Resource Management 



Competitive Intelligence 





About Us 



Blog 



Case Studies 



Contact Us 









© 2024 i2e Consulting. All Rights Reserved. 





Privacy Policy | Disclaimer 





 


Linkedin
 



Facebook
 



Instagram
 

























































