








Impact of Enterprise Mobility Solutions on Expanding IoT - i2e Consulting




































































 



















 
 








 
 
Technologies

Planisware Generative AI Project Online AI/ML SharePoint Cloud Big Data

Solutions

Strategy & Consulting

Strategic Portfolio Management R&D Portfolio Management Portfolio Decision Analytics Medical Affairs 
Business Research

Competitive Intelligence EWS Market Assessment 
Business Development & Licensing

Indication and Asset Prioritization Forecasting and Valuation Target Product Profile (TPP) & Partnering Package Preparation Partner Identification and Reach Out 
Commercial

Forecasting and Valuation BI Dashboards Marketing and Digital Services Market Access Sales Analytics 


About Us

About i2e Work at i2e Contact Us

Partners

Partners

Resource Center

Blog Case Studies Webinars Events & News

Planisware Exchange 24 


X
 





















Impact of Enterprise Mobility Solutions on Expanding IoT - i2e Consulting                                

April 14, 2017                                

As organizational IT infrastructure keeps evolving, newer challenges of enterprise mobility also surface. A usual consequence of expanding innovation, no longer is the Internet of Things limited solely to hardware. WiFi systems continue to serve as vital nodes of a complex circuitry. From smart phones to backup cloud servers, everything is inclusive. In purview of integrating the latest systems into the overall security framework, top innovators compete to provide hi-tech wearable gadgets among other solutions.

A continuous process 
It should be interesting to note for many readers that IoT is actually a rather vintage digital concept. It was first coined in 1985 at a weekend conference of the Congressional Black Caucus. The idea behind this conceptual execution was to allocate a coherent structure for data processing. It entitled setting up an interconnected web of hardware, collectively defined as ‘smart objects’. It was long before the era of smart phones, but coincidentally, wi fi connected employee phones serve as unique user nodes in all IoT setups these days. Quite ironically, modern enterprise security functions also employ the use of the so-called ‘dumb phones’. These are nothing but first generation mobile phones that only serve call and SMS functions.
The impact perspectives 
With all these interesting trends, IoT related enterprise mobility solutions in itself provide a profitable development niche. Applications of bio monitoring devices and effective Remote Authentication protocols, the software phase involves developing smart phone applications for various security related purposes. Above everything, digital security often turns out to be a cat and rat game of staying ahead on technological edge. A possible infiltrator should not be able to override the digital firewalls. This constant competition has led companies to maintain entire staff departments dedicated exclusively to updating with the newest developments in open source platforms such as PHP.
Threat neutralization 
Wi Fi intrusion prevention is a real challenge at many levels. Despite all the modern benefits that an average customer is privy to, wireless connectivity is not a full-proof system yet.  The situation is further complicated by possible interference with other signals in the super dense digital cloud. High security corporate establishments often instill signal blockers to avoid any invisible risk whatsoever. Only authorized personnel are provided with the digital codes to access the system. Nevertheless, breakthroughs still happen, because the technology itself is in an evolutionary phase. Stricter protocol enforcement is a rather routine activity.
Wearable devices such as Android wrist watches and futuristic products such as Google glass surprisingly failed to make any substantial mark in the market. However, the software phase remains busy with mobile applications such as employee time tracker modules that automatically click photos at access ports, verifying biometric identity. These developments have been able to reduce instances of fake entry and proxy presence effectively, thereby driving organizational growth.
Another significant advantage of viewing the overall security as a circuitry of smart objects in IoT framework enables entropic perspectives on HR data. The analytics aspect has always been a cornerstone concept of developing the Internet of Things, and it has only evolved throughout the years.
 
 















     Prev Post 

Next Post       







You might also like







Is Your Data Ready for Generative AI: A Guide for Life Sciences Organizations                                      








Change Management- What is it? And Why Should Project Managers Understand and Own it                                     








A Pharma Success Story: How a Generative AI Chatbot Helped in Driving Swift Query Resolution in Clinical Trials                                     








What is Generative AI & How Can Life Sciences Organizations Benefit from it                                     








Common Resource Allocation Challenges and How Digital PPM Solutions can Solve them                                    








Mastering Enterprise Project Portfolio Management: The Planisware Enterprise Advantage                                     








Why Planisware Orchestra is a one-stop solution for SMEs in Project Portfolio Management?                                    








Enhancing Sales and Marketing Collaborations with SharePoint and AI                                     




















Contact Us




×

 




 








 



 





Solutions 



 Strategy & Consulting 



Business Research 



Business Development and Licensing 



Commercial 





Technologies 



PPM 



AI/ML 



Cloud 



Big Data 





Products 



Executive Dashboards 



Resource Management 



Competitive Intelligence 





About Us 



Blog 



Case Studies 



Contact Us 









© 2024 i2e Consulting. All Rights Reserved. 





Privacy Policy | Disclaimer 





 


Linkedin
 



Facebook
 



Instagram
 

























































