








Improved employee satisfaction and productivity with work from home policy - i2e Consulting





































































 



















 
 








 
 
Technologies

Planisware Generative AI Project Online AI/ML SharePoint Cloud Big Data

Solutions

Strategy & Consulting

Strategic Portfolio Management R&D Portfolio Management Portfolio Decision Analytics Medical Affairs 
Business Research

Competitive Intelligence EWS Market Assessment 
Business Development & Licensing

Indication and Asset Prioritization Forecasting and Valuation Target Product Profile (TPP) & Partnering Package Preparation Partner Identification and Reach Out 
Commercial

Forecasting and Valuation BI Dashboards Marketing and Digital Services Market Access Sales Analytics 


About Us

About i2e Work at i2e Contact Us

Partners

Partners

Resource Center

Blog Case Studies Webinars Events & News

Planisware Exchange 24 


X
 





















Improved employee satisfaction and productivity with work from home policy - i2e Consulting                                

August 8, 2019                                

Monsoon is a season for most parts of the word but here in Mumbai it’s about upholding the spirit of Mumbai. On average a Mumbaikar spends 3 hours daily for work commute; however, this number changes drastically during monsoons. The rains bring with them waterlogging, clogged drains; and the regular traffic woes just doubles its scale.  
A regular day in monsoon is like, you reach office drenched with rain, most probably late, feet soaked in water whose source you do not wish to know, feeling cold as the centralized AC is set at 21 degrees Celsius. By the time you settle down to work it may well be time for lunch for some. 
How can you expect someone to give her/his best effort when reaching office consumes so much time and energy? This is just one half of the effort, they must make the journey back home after completing their work praying it does not pour heavily. 
Is the regular work commute in monsoon worth it?  
We live in a world where offices are spread across continents and collaborative platforms bridge the communication gaps, when business can run so efficiently, why cannot employees work from home? 
Any organization which cares about the overall well-being and happiness should have mandatory work from home options provisions wherever it is possible? 
Employees remain are safe, they are at their productive best and they are happy. 
In our effort to preserve Monsoons as a happy memory about puddles, paper boats and evening snacks, i2e consulting offers employees who make long commutes mandatory work from home for 3 months. In addition, if it rains heavily, we direct our employees to stay safe indoor. 
As a company i2e values productivity and quality work over clocking hours. We trust our employees and have faith that they will deliver their best even when working from home.  
Let me know what you think about mandatory work from home in monsoons. 















     Prev Post 

Next Post       







You might also like







Why work from home if you can Work from Mountains!                                    








Is Your Data Ready for Generative AI: A Guide for Life Sciences Organizations                                      








Change Management- What is it? And Why Should Project Managers Understand and Own it                                     








A Pharma Success Story: How a Generative AI Chatbot Helped in Driving Swift Query Resolution in Clinical Trials                                     








What is Generative AI & How Can Life Sciences Organizations Benefit from it                                     








Common Resource Allocation Challenges and How Digital PPM Solutions can Solve them                                    








Mastering Enterprise Project Portfolio Management: The Planisware Enterprise Advantage                                     








Why Planisware Orchestra is a one-stop solution for SMEs in Project Portfolio Management?                                    




















Contact Us




×

 




 








 



 





Solutions 



 Strategy & Consulting 



Business Research 



Business Development and Licensing 



Commercial 





Technologies 



PPM 



AI/ML 



Cloud 



Big Data 





Products 



Executive Dashboards 



Resource Management 



Competitive Intelligence 





About Us 



Blog 



Case Studies 



Contact Us 









© 2024 i2e Consulting. All Rights Reserved. 





Privacy Policy | Disclaimer 





 


Linkedin
 



Facebook
 



Instagram
 

























































