








IT Infrastructure Assurance - i2e Consulting

































































 



















 
 








 
 
Technologies

Planisware Generative AI Project Online AI/ML SharePoint Cloud Big Data

Solutions

Strategy & Consulting

Strategic Portfolio Management R&D Portfolio Management Portfolio Decision Analytics Medical Affairs 
Business Research

Competitive Intelligence EWS Market Assessment 
Business Development & Licensing

Indication and Asset Prioritization Forecasting and Valuation Target Product Profile (TPP) & Partnering Package Preparation Partner Identification and Reach Out 
Commercial

Forecasting and Valuation BI Dashboards Marketing and Digital Services Market Access Sales Analytics 


About Us

About i2e Work at i2e Contact Us

Partners

Partners

Resource Center

Blog Case Studies Webinars Events & News

Planisware Exchange 24 


X
 










WEBINAR

IT Infrastructure Assurance - Life Science Industry





On 29 July 2020 Wednesday 11:00 AM EST 

Watch Recording
 
 Regulated organization increasing trend of dependency on a computerized system for GxP business operations are directly dependent upon underlying IT infrastructure. This certitude brings validation and quality operations related to IT infrastructure maintenance at the center of attention. In a regulated environment validated status of the GxP application is always depends on the assurance of underlying IT infrastructure. The consequence of IT infra quality operations failure can be significant. Based on the severity of risk entire region or site business operations can be at the halt or cease.

There is an acute need to bring IT infrastructure operations under organization quality operation standards by building good IT practices and through planned qualification program.
 

This webinar is planned to guide on good IT practices for regulated life science industries and for related supplier IT systems so that IT infrastructure maintenance in a demonstrable state of control and regulatory compliance can be obvious.
Speaker Introduction

Haluk Tanca
Senior Consultant IT & Validation, Convalgroup


Haluk is a result-oriented, highly motivated, success-driven professional with 30+ years of rich experience in IT and business operation in Pharmaceutical, FMCG, Service, Manufacturing, Food, Home appliance sector with multi-cultural and matrix organizations.

In Haluk’s past IT journey; he has worked closely with senior and line managers between business function and information technology providing them with expert guidance, support, and a full range of technology innovations. 


Experiences

Senior Consultant IT & Validation – CONVALgroup
IT & Business Operations Consultant, Freelance
EMEA IT Associate Director, UCB Pharma
IT Coordinator (Emerging Markets) / IT Manager – Kodak (Near East) Inc.
What will you take away from the session?



Good Practices for Establishment of New platforms and for existing platforms supporting GxP operations
Structured approach, including Risk Management, to the qualification, management, and control of IT Infrastructure platforms supporting GxP applications
How to avoid unnecessary effort, by addressing a horizontal, or platform based, approach?

Watch Recording 








Contact Us




×

 




 








 



 





Solutions 



 Strategy & Consulting 



Business Research 



Business Development and Licensing 



Commercial 





Technologies 



PPM 



AI/ML 



Cloud 



Big Data 





Products 



Executive Dashboards 



Resource Management 



Competitive Intelligence 





About Us 



Blog 



Case Studies 



Contact Us 









© 2024 i2e Consulting. All Rights Reserved. 





Privacy Policy | Disclaimer 





 


Linkedin
 



Facebook
 



Instagram
 























































