Founders
Sudhir Karanth I Founder and CEO

Sudhir Karanth is an accomplished leader in the life sciences IT community.  With over 25 years of experience in the IT industry, he has spent the last two decades transforming life sciences through data, analytics, and AI leadership. Sudhir is responsible for i2e’s strategy, growth, and innovation, identifying opportunities for extending i2e’s market leadership.

Vishal Rane I Co-Founder and COO

As COO, Vishal leads market development, organizational transformation, and provides revenue and management leadership. Throughout his career, he has focused on business growth, expanding i2e’s global and regional footprint, and ensuring i2e’s brand recognition amongst life sciences organizations. 

Sri Kanagala I Co-Founder

Sri leads i2e’s differentiated delivery architectures by integrating innovative technological solutions. He provides technology vision and leadership to i2e’s experts across AI/ML, Big Data and Cloud. He has led expansion of the service delivery portfolio by adding new service lines, capabilities, and partnerships.

Prashant Apte I Co-Founder

Prashant has been instrumental in building the business from the grounds up. In the early days managed business development, sales, technology strategy. Now focused in an advisory capacity for achievement of goals and outcomes in the different departments of the business.

Leadership
Carlos Nunes I Vice President of Portfolio Analytics
 
Carlos joined i2e from a 25-year career experience as an industry consultant and a pharma insider in strategic portfolio management and digital innovation. He is an industry pioneer in designing and deploying enterprise integrated, real-time executive decision support tools to enable data-driven R&D asset investment analysis, scenario planning and portfolio sustainability.


Brian Beattie | Vice President – Strategic PPM Roadmap
 
Brian is focused on the Portfolio & Project Management solutions. His understanding of business processes combined with technical expertise gives him the ability to advise companies seeking to achieve successful outcomes with a strategic PPM roadmap. Brian has had previous roles in Procurement, Vendor Management, and Solution Delivery.

Peter Green I Vice President, Analytics
 
Peter is an Enterprise Analytics professional with 18 years of experience. He has had previous roles in R&D Data & Analytics, portfolio decision analytics and business integration.



Parmod Kumar | Director Life Sciences – R&D Transformation and Analytics
 
Parmod has been engaging C-suite, leadership, and client  to drive business, growth agenda, decision making, marketing plans and strategy
B. Pharm; MBA with 17+ years’ experience in Life Science Business Strategy, Consulting, BD & Licensing, Sales, and Marketing Analytics. Worked across the product life cycle starting from early drug discovery to patent expiry. 


Board of Advisors
John Gregory I Strategic Advisor
  	John has over 30 years of experience in delivering global large-scale transformational programs across Life Science domains including leading the digitalization of Pfizer’s Pre-Clinical R&D, Emerging Science & Innovation, and Worldwide R&D Operations. After spending 21-years with Pfizer, John retired from the position of Senior Director within Pfizer’s Digital organization in 2021.

Dave Penndorf I Strategic Advisor




 	Dave brings almost two decades of PPM expertise focused on the Life Science industries to the i2e team, advising i2e on Go To Market strategy, PPM best practices and trends in the industry. Dave spent 17 years at Planisware, with such roles as VP of Life Sciences, VP of Business Operations, Director of Consulting, and Solution Architect.

Dave authored the chapters on Project Management Information Systems in the 2023 released book, "Project Management for Drug Developers", detailing how to set up your software solutions and data models to meet the needs of project management offices today.

