








RPA in Supply Chain | Robotic Process Automation in Supply Chain | Consulting










































































 



















 
 








 
 
Technologies

Planisware Generative AI Project Online AI/ML SharePoint Cloud Big Data

Solutions

Strategy & Consulting

Strategic Portfolio Management R&D Portfolio Management Portfolio Decision Analytics Medical Affairs 
Business Research

Competitive Intelligence EWS Market Assessment 
Business Development & Licensing

Indication and Asset Prioritization Forecasting and Valuation Target Product Profile (TPP) & Partnering Package Preparation Partner Identification and Reach Out 
Commercial

Forecasting and Valuation BI Dashboards Marketing and Digital Services Market Access Sales Analytics 


About Us

About i2e Work at i2e Contact Us

Partners

Partners

Resource Center

Blog Case Studies Webinars Events & News

Planisware Exchange 24 


X
 




















 


RPA in Supply Chain | Robotic Process Automation in Supply Chain | Consulting                                

May 20, 2020                                

More than 70% of businesses and industries are willing to invest in  RPA. The current RPA market stands at 1.1 billion USD and is expected to grow at a CARG of 33.6% from 2020 to 2021. According to the London School of Economics, a 24/7 robot can increase a company’s ROI by 600% in just 3  years. 
Aren’t these fascinating facts? This clearly shows that the world is becoming smarter and adopting automated solutions to magnify the efficiency. 
Robotic Process Automation or RPA can be defined as software or robot that can automate redundant and routine activities that do not depend on human judgment. According to  Fortune.com close to 40% of all the jobs can be automated, and the rest can be semi-automated using RPA3. Robots can perform regular administrative jobs better than human beings. RPA brings accuracy,  speed, efficiency, and cost savings together at the same time. It helps businesses to use their existing application software’s like CRM and ERM  more productively. 
The pharmaceutical industry has several routine activities that can be replaced by a robot. This will increase efficiency, collaboration in the supply chain, and bring down operation costs. In the modern era, customers are well-informed, and there is a  massive pressure in the life sciences industry to improve their R&D  and produce better life-saving drugs. Automation will not only save cost or increase efficiency but also allow human beings to focus more on research and address customer demands. 
The pharmaceutical industry can benefit from RPA in multiple ways. Starting from Clinical  Development and Sales Force Management to Precision Marketing and Supply  Chain Management. Automation is all set to make supply chains lean and efficient. Some of the most significant issues in the supply chain are 
· Inventory Management · Integrating operations across multiple channels · Visibility across the supply chain 
This presents a perfect scope for Robotic Process Automation. RPA can perform core business functions ten times faster than human beings with complete accuracy. The analytics from RPA helps in forecasting, tracking goods, and help in making complex decisions. To understand the complete potential of RPA in the supply chain, let us look into the following use cases – 
Automating Order Processing 
Even today, order processing means a lot of paperwork and manual transactions. These tasks can be easily automated and made more efficient using RPA. Activities like product selection, payment processing, and order confirmation can be completely digitalized. Customers can directly place orders on a  company website, a payment gateway can assist in payment, and an automated email will inform about order confirmation. 
This model is currently implemented in the retail industry (think how you place and confirm orders on Amazon). Similar models can be implemented in the supply chain for pharmaceutical companies. 
Inventory Management 
Monitoring inventory levels, placing orders, and tracking products across the supply chain makes inventory management a very complex activity. RPA can automate inventory management, eliminate human labor, and increase productivity. Automations can monitor product levels and place an order when the inventory goes below a threshold level. RPA helps in tracking the product right from the order placement until it is shipped to the customer. 
Further, it can use historical data and deduce patterns that can help in demand forecasting and order placement. With RPA,  employees become free and can focus on areas that require judgment and complex decision making. 
Planning Supply and Demand 
The success of supply chain management demands on how accurately the demand conditions are forecasted. This involves a lot of complex data, order histories, industry and market conditions, and many unforeseen factors.  This leads to a time-consuming and error-prone process. 
RPA,  coupled with AI and ML, can automate these tasks and predict demand conditions accurately. It also takes into account demand spikes and other insights that misses the human eye. RPA can analyze volumes of data in no time, prepare reports, and help you plan most effectively. 
Vendor Management 
Vendor selection involves a lot of manual processes that can be easily digitized. Creating an RFQ (request for quotation), vendor communication, evaluating quotes, and finally selecting the vendors comprises vendor management. 
With RPA implementation, human effort and interaction can be completely minimized. It is only needed for face-to-face meetings and a final selection step. The rest of the processes can be automated using RPA, coupled with AI and IoT. It can efficiently process Requisition Forms, Order Quotations, and Vendor  Proposals and help in making the best choice in vendor selection. 
Invoice Management 
Invoice management is directly connected with payment processing. No one would like errors and mistakes in invoice management. It involves a lot of tedious tasks like invoice preparation, entering details from invoice,  match invoice against the purchase order, and reconcile payments with the invoice. 
Automating these activities will speed up the entire process and eliminate human errors. RPA can extract data from purchase orders and automatically create an invoice. Invoice Management can be 
coupled with Inventory Management and Demand Planning for ensuring efficiency across the entire supply chain. 
Refund and Returns 
This part of the supply chain involves a lot of risks and high-value.  Allowing human intervention gives room for errors and overwhelming workflows. Right since the return request is placed till the time the product reaches the warehouse and the refund is processed, the activities are highly complicated. 
This presents a perfect opportunity for RPA to step in. The entire chain of activities can be automated. Implementing rule-based automation, the refund processing system can reduce human efforts and make the activities error-free. 
To gain the maximum benefit from RPA in the life sciences sector,  businesses must understand the limitations of RPA as well. It can automate routine activities but cannot replace a human being in making complex decisions. Pharmaceutical companies need to plan the roadmap,  identify the processes that can be automated, and continuously upgrade their systems. The last thing to be taken care of is the regulatory mandates and rules. All these automation and digitization should be appropriately checked and monitored. Remember, RPA is there to assist human beings not to replace them! 
Speak to us at i2e Consulting  to understand how we can help you with Robotic Process Automation and  other innovative technologies to transform your supply chain
Reference Link :
Link 1 
Link 2
Link 3


Tags: Robotic Process Automation, RPA, RPA Benefit, RPA in Pharmaceuticals, RPA Solutions 












     Prev Post 

Next Post       







You might also like







RPA Strategy and Approach                                    








RPA is the Future of Clinical Trials                                    








Microsoft adds RPA to its list of services with Power Automate                                    








Robotic Process Automation in pharmaceuticals                                    








Is Your Data Ready for Generative AI: A Guide for Life Sciences Organizations                                      








Change Management- What is it? And Why Should Project Managers Understand and Own it                                     








A Pharma Success Story: How a Generative AI Chatbot Helped in Driving Swift Query Resolution in Clinical Trials                                     








What is Generative AI & How Can Life Sciences Organizations Benefit from it                                     




















Contact Us




×

 




 








 



 





Solutions 



 Strategy & Consulting 



Business Research 



Business Development and Licensing 



Commercial 





Technologies 



PPM 



AI/ML 



Cloud 



Big Data 





Products 



Executive Dashboards 



Resource Management 



Competitive Intelligence 





About Us 



Blog 



Case Studies 



Contact Us 









© 2024 i2e Consulting. All Rights Reserved. 





Privacy Policy | Disclaimer 





 


Linkedin
 



Facebook
 



Instagram
 

























































