








Managing the Computerized System Validation Workload





































































 



















 
 








 
 
Technologies

Planisware Generative AI Project Online AI/ML SharePoint Cloud Big Data

Solutions

Strategy & Consulting

Strategic Portfolio Management R&D Portfolio Management Portfolio Decision Analytics Medical Affairs 
Business Research

Competitive Intelligence EWS Market Assessment 
Business Development & Licensing

Indication and Asset Prioritization Forecasting and Valuation Target Product Profile (TPP) & Partnering Package Preparation Partner Identification and Reach Out 
Commercial

Forecasting and Valuation BI Dashboards Marketing and Digital Services Market Access Sales Analytics 


About Us

About i2e Work at i2e Contact Us

Partners

Partners

Resource Center

Blog Case Studies Webinars Events & News

Planisware Exchange 24 


X
 










WEBINAR

Managing the Computerized System Validation Workload





On 10th September 2020 Thursday 11:00 AM EST 

Watch Recording
 
This webinar discusses Managing the Computerised System Validation (CSV) workload

The increased deployment of automated systems in the pharmaceutical industry means the Computerised Systems Validation (CSV) effort is also increasing. As resources are always limited, it is important to manage them efficiently and effectively.
It is easy to get lost in the data, the information, the risk assessments. Therefore, a proven, sensible, and logical approach that also satisfies the regulators is required. 

Dr. Schmitt will primarily focus upon the same during the webinar and provide guidance for managing CSV in more comfortable manner without any confusion and ambiguity.
Speaker Introduction

Dr. Siegfried Schmitt
PhD


Siegfried provides consulting services to the regulated healthcare industry on all aspects of regulatory compliance, particularly the design and implementation of Quality Management Systems and Competitive Compliance.

Siegfried holds the position of Vice President Technical at PAREXEL Consulting. His areas of expertise include all aspects of quality and compliance for systems, processes, facilities, and operations for drug substances and drug products, for all types of formulations.


Siegfried is a seasoned and experienced auditor, providing support to clients pre and post inspections or audits. Siegfried has previously held positions in industry as Senior Production Chemist with Roche and global Quality Director with GE Healthcare and as Validation Manager with Raytheon and Senior Lead Consultant with ABB.As an active member of various industry associations, Siegfried is a frequent presenter and committee member of international events. He is also an accomplished author and editor as well as member or chairman of several editorial boards. Siegfried is a Chemist by background and holds Chartered Chemist and Chartered Scientist status.

Discussion panel
Timur Kabadayi,
Managing Director, CONVALgroup




Banu Refik,
Senior Consultant Quality, CONVALgroup




Arjun Guha,
Director Operations, CONVALgroup

What will you take away from the session?



An insight into CSV - Back to Basics
The risk-based approach - How to arrive at an Action Priority Rating
Preparing the CSV plan and planning

Watch Recording 








Contact Us




×

 




 








 



 





Solutions 



 Strategy & Consulting 



Business Research 



Business Development and Licensing 



Commercial 





Technologies 



PPM 



AI/ML 



Cloud 



Big Data 





Products 



Executive Dashboards 



Resource Management 



Competitive Intelligence 





About Us 



Blog 



Case Studies 



Contact Us 









© 2024 i2e Consulting. All Rights Reserved. 





Privacy Policy | Disclaimer 





 


Linkedin
 



Facebook
 



Instagram
 




















































