








Manali Dev, Author at i2e Consulting


























































 



















 
 








 
 
Technologies

Planisware Generative AI Project Online AI/ML SharePoint Cloud Big Data

Solutions

Strategy & Consulting

Strategic Portfolio Management R&D Portfolio Management Portfolio Decision Analytics Medical Affairs 
Business Research

Competitive Intelligence EWS Market Assessment 
Business Development & Licensing

Indication and Asset Prioritization Forecasting and Valuation Target Product Profile (TPP) & Partnering Package Preparation Partner Identification and Reach Out 
Commercial

Forecasting and Valuation BI Dashboards Marketing and Digital Services Market Access Sales Analytics 


About Us

About i2e Work at i2e Contact Us

Partners

Partners

Resource Center

Blog Case Studies Webinars Events & News

Planisware Exchange 24 


X
 









 

Home
 Planisware Orchestra and its role in New Product Development (NPD), from Strategy to execution



















August 30, 2021            

Planisware Orchestra and its role in New Product Development (NPD), from Strategy to execution                

As the name suggests, new product development is nothing but the process of launching a brand-new product – tangible or intangible in the market. With constantly evolving consumer behavior towards different products and services, organizations are driven to make a structured go-to-market strategy that can satisfy customer needs and expand the customer base through increased engagement.   But developing a product from scratch can encounter a lot of unprecedented challenges such as – […]



Manali Dev                    


Planisware, Project Management 

No Comments                

Read More












July 14, 2021            

8 ways AWS Redshift is optimizing Business Intelligence in the Healthcare and Life Science industry                

With the major advancement of pharmaceutical sectors, the increasing volume of data that is being produced each day, each second needs a dynamic storage system, preferably faster and more secure. And by data here, we mean the years and years of organizational data that is stored in traditional on-premises data warehouses which require a huge investment of time, money, and maintenance. To solve this problem, Amazon has introduced redshift, a cloud-based database for data management, and analytics for large-scale data.  […]



Manali Dev                    


Cloud 

No Comments                

Read More












June 30, 2021            

Power Bi Dashboards and its contribution to Data Visualization and Advanced Analytics                

Business Intelligence has given a whole new meaning to the decision-making process of organizations worldwide. Enterprises across the globe are now leveraging the technology-driven solution to make better decisions by quick data mining, data collection, migration, analysis, and interactive data visualization. And when we talk about the most versatile BI tools, we can’t miss one such leader in Gartner’s Magic Quadrant for Analytics and Business Intelligence Platforms for the past 12 years. Power Bi, a self-service analytics tool that helps businesses make powerful decisions.  […]



Manali Dev                    


Data Visualization, Power BI, Power Platform 

No Comments                

Read More


















15436
Categories

App Modernization

Artificial Intelligence

Augmented & Virtual Reality

AWS RedShift

Big Data

Blockchain

Cloud

Data Analytics

Data Visualization

Digital Transformation

Document Management System SharePoint

Enterprise Mobility

IT Managed Services

IT Outsourcing

Latest Blog

Microsoft Azure

Microsoft Teams

News

Office 365

Pharma IT Solutions

Planisware

Power Apps

Power Automate

Power BI

Power Platform

Project Management

Project Online

Project Portfolio Management

Resource Management

Robotic Process Automation

SharePoint

Staff Augmentation

Tips

Uncategorized

Windows Virtual Desktop

Work Culture




Recent Posts


Is Your Data Ready for Generative AI: A Guide for Life Sciences Organizations  


Change Management- What is it? And Why Should Project Managers Understand and Own it 


A Pharma Success Story: How a Generative AI Chatbot Helped in Driving Swift Query Resolution in Clinical Trials 


What is Generative AI & How Can Life Sciences Organizations Benefit from it 


Common Resource Allocation Challenges and How Digital PPM Solutions can Solve them


 










Contact Us




×

 




 








 



 





Solutions 



 Strategy & Consulting 



Business Research 



Business Development and Licensing 



Commercial 





Technologies 



PPM 



AI/ML 



Cloud 



Big Data 





Products 



Executive Dashboards 



Resource Management 



Competitive Intelligence 





About Us 



Blog 



Case Studies 



Contact Us 









© 2024 i2e Consulting. All Rights Reserved. 





Privacy Policy | Disclaimer 





 


Linkedin
 



Facebook
 



Instagram
 




















































