








Market access - i2e Consulting




































































 



















 
 








 
 
Technologies

Planisware Generative AI Project Online AI/ML SharePoint Cloud Big Data

Solutions

Strategy & Consulting

Strategic Portfolio Management R&D Portfolio Management Portfolio Decision Analytics Medical Affairs 
Business Research

Competitive Intelligence EWS Market Assessment 
Business Development & Licensing

Indication and Asset Prioritization Forecasting and Valuation Target Product Profile (TPP) & Partnering Package Preparation Partner Identification and Reach Out 
Commercial

Forecasting and Valuation BI Dashboards Marketing and Digital Services Market Access Sales Analytics 


About Us

About i2e Work at i2e Contact Us

Partners

Partners

Resource Center

Blog Case Studies Webinars Events & News

Planisware Exchange 24 


X
 
















Market access 



Unlocking market access with real-world evidence and insights 



Drive market access excellence through insights and intelligence.  








 






 Our market access solutions help you drive more effective product launches, with recommendations for pricing, contracting, and reimbursement strategies built in with real-world data and analytics. We help you build evidence from claims data, EMR records, and specialty datasets linking your therapy to improved health outcomes and cost savings. We help you quantify the budget impact and develop clinical value proposition to drive successful payer negotiations. Our market modeling and forecasting services help project population disease burden, treatment dynamics, and estimated budgetary impact for various scenarios. Our advanced analytics and modelling frameworks help you identify optimal pricing scenarios, predict regional formulary access, and develop messaging that resonates with payers. You can assess competitive landscape and advise on contracting tactics and channel mix to maximize market share. Our post-launch services include support for tracking prescription trends, treatment adherence, and real-world outcomes to support continued access and positive reimbursement.  








01 



Market access strategy 



We help you drive your market access strategy from clinical development to post-patent expiry across diverse disease areas, market characteristics, regulatory guidelines. Whether it is payer contracting, developing a patient support strategy or healthcare policy impact assessments, our market access program helps you communicate therapy value to all stakeholders with data, expertise and technology.  









02 



Value Development 



Create a compelling therapy value proposition, leveraging evidence generation planning, market intelligence to create comprehensive evidence roadmaps.   









03 



Optimization 



Leverage i2e’s proprietary methodology and domain expertise to answer what-if scenarios. Shorten time-to-analysis by modelling critical market access questions that determine gross-to-net conversion. Analyse impact of complex contract and pricing changes in days, not months.  









04 



Decision support 



Right from driving effective negotiations with payers and providers, developing an overarching pricing architecture, to product specific pricing strategy, leverage our decision support to drive consensus on cost impact and benefits between regional offices and country systems.  

























Contact Us




×

 




 








 



 





Solutions 



Strategy & Consulting 



Business Research 



Business Development and Licensing 



Commercial 





Technologies 



PPM 



AI/ML 



Cloud 



Big Data 





Products 



Executive Dashboards 



Resource Management 



Competitive Intelligence 





About Us 



Blog 



Case Studies 



Contact Us 









© 2024 i2e Consulting. All Rights Reserved. 





Privacy Policy | Disclaimer 





 


Linkedin
 



Facebook
 



Instagram
 
















































