








SharePoint Document Management System Pharmaceuticals | DMS Pharma |










































































 



















 
 








 
 
Technologies

Planisware Generative AI Project Online AI/ML SharePoint Cloud Big Data

Solutions

Strategy & Consulting

Strategic Portfolio Management R&D Portfolio Management Portfolio Decision Analytics Medical Affairs 
Business Research

Competitive Intelligence EWS Market Assessment 
Business Development & Licensing

Indication and Asset Prioritization Forecasting and Valuation Target Product Profile (TPP) & Partnering Package Preparation Partner Identification and Reach Out 
Commercial

Forecasting and Valuation BI Dashboards Marketing and Digital Services Market Access Sales Analytics 


About Us

About i2e Work at i2e Contact Us

Partners

Partners

Resource Center

Blog Case Studies Webinars Events & News

Planisware Exchange 24 


X
 




















 


SharePoint Document Management System Pharmaceuticals | DMS Pharma |                                

September 23, 2019                                

There is never a one size fits all solution and the same goes for document management system or DMS, especially for the Pharma domain. Document management is a bit tricky in Pharmaceuticals as the industry needs to adhere to strict compliance and regulatory standards. At one side you need collaborative efforts for fast to market release; on the other, the security should be top-notch. If you are planning to upgrade your existing DMS or investing in a new one. It is only wise if you make a note of the following features: 
 Many pharmaceutical companies still have their reservations about cloud document management systems. 
Cloud-based: Look for a document management system which is cloud-based. Workplaces have evolved through the years and today we are in the era which is all about social collaboration, agile processes, real-time updates, and rising tech trends. It is imperative our systems comply with changing times. History speaks volumes about companies which failed to innovate and where they are now. Cloud is the future and very few companies have the capacity to make an upfront infrastructure investment. I know you may have your reservations, but cloud security today offers stability, reliability and multiple layers of security, and it’s getting better. 
Tamperproof: This is one of the most essential features to look in document management system for pharmaceuticals. With the introduction of blockchain in DMS, you can check for authenticity of electronically signed documents. In blockchain-based DMS, even the slightest change like adding an extra space does not go unnoticed. So, not only are your documents tamper-proof, you get an audit trail too. Validation is important and what better way then blockchain. 
Pre-defined templates: There are certain fixed regulatory standards when it comes to document submission. While they may not come as an out of the box feature with your document management system, make sure you invest to get all the necessary templates. Mistakes with ANDA( Abbreviated New Drug Application) submissions are more common than you think. Such document templates with proper document review workflow will ensure documents are created, reviewed, and approved on the first cut. 
Automated workflows: This is a very basic yet important feature so I thought I will include it in the list. Accelerate time to market with automated document approval workflows. You can either go for out of the box workflows or create custom ones depending on your requirements. No more waiting for internal document approvals. Every time a document is created it is automatically going into the workflow and will notify the concerned person or group of people. Hassle-free and faster approvals. 
Cross-functional team collaboration: The document management system should offer convenient collaboration for teams to work on documents seamlessly. Cloud technology today offers such functionality through which you can give secure access to external stakeholders without compromising security. Just imagine how much benefit will real-time collaboration provide. As organization globally are pushing towards a one-team approach such systems will help break silos and help develop better products faster. 
Integration: Lastly, you should be able to use your document management system seamlessly with common everyday tools like emails, word documents or drive. E-mails within the system should be automatically captured and linked to the relevant document library. There should also be the option to easily drag-and-drop documents without you exiting the current application. 
Flabby document management continues to be one of the top concerns of pharma manufacturing slowdown. These are among the few things that will mitigate mistakes and help manage documents better. 
We at i2e Consulting have been providing document management solution to pharmaceuticals for more than a decade now. Our SharePoint document management system is available both on-premise and cloud. It may be customized to fit into your organizational workflow.  Let us know if you need upgrading. We are happy to help.  


Tags: DMS Pharmaceuticals, DMS Solution, Document Management System, Document Management System Pharmaceuticals, SharePoint DMS 












     Prev Post 

Next Post       







You might also like







Enhancing Sales and Marketing Collaborations with SharePoint and AI                                     








Data Security Matters: Safeguarding Pharma Information in SharePoint Implementation                                    








SharePoint and Teams in Modern Workplace Collaboration                                    








Is There a Need for Digital Innovation for SMB Pharma?                                    








What Is Intelligent Document Processing? And How It Can Help Your Business.                                    








Integrating Power BI to SharePoint                                    








Building Modern Workplaces with Microsoft 365                                    








Top 4 cloud migration benefits and infrastructure services                                    




















Contact Us




×

 




 








 



 





Solutions 



 Strategy & Consulting 



Business Research 



Business Development and Licensing 



Commercial 





Technologies 



PPM 



AI/ML 



Cloud 



Big Data 





Products 



Executive Dashboards 



Resource Management 



Competitive Intelligence 





About Us 



Blog 



Case Studies 



Contact Us 









© 2024 i2e Consulting. All Rights Reserved. 





Privacy Policy | Disclaimer 





 


Linkedin
 



Facebook
 



Instagram
 

























































