








New Trends in Data Visualization - i2e Consulting






































































 



















 
 








 
 
Technologies

Planisware Generative AI Project Online AI/ML SharePoint Cloud Big Data

Solutions

Strategy & Consulting

Strategic Portfolio Management R&D Portfolio Management Portfolio Decision Analytics Medical Affairs 
Business Research

Competitive Intelligence EWS Market Assessment 
Business Development & Licensing

Indication and Asset Prioritization Forecasting and Valuation Target Product Profile (TPP) & Partnering Package Preparation Partner Identification and Reach Out 
Commercial

Forecasting and Valuation BI Dashboards Marketing and Digital Services Market Access Sales Analytics 


About Us

About i2e Work at i2e Contact Us

Partners

Partners

Resource Center

Blog Case Studies Webinars Events & News

Planisware Exchange 24 


X
 





















New Trends in Data Visualization - i2e Consulting                                

April 14, 2017                                

Data visualization has an important role in the field of information management. In order to make good decisions, you have to be able to understand and analyze available data. Sound data visualization techniques will help in achieving the desired results. And to stay ahead of the game, you need to know about the latest tools and trends in data visualization. With this perspective, we are looking forward to the new trends in data visualization. Read on to know more about the latest trends for 2017.

 
Image Source: https://www.analyticsvidhya.com/blog/2013/09/trends-data-visualization/


 Predictive and Prescriptive Analytic Tools: 

Predictive analytics involves extracting information from current and past data in order to forecast future possibilities. This tool helps in gauging what will happen in the future with an acceptable level of reliability, including a few alternative scenarios and risk assessment. Predictive analytics can be used in different industries. For example, Hotels may use it to foresee the number of guests they can expect on a particular night so as to adjust the room rates to maximize occupancy.
Prescriptive analytics uses the insights provided by predictive analytics and prompts a call to action based on findings. It analyzes current data for patterns and risks; evaluates the outcomes of the various scenarios that can crop up based on decisions made according to the informational data. This provides decision-makers with hypotheticals about the impact of each option. Only 10% of organizations currently use prescriptive analytics. According to Gartner, this will grow to 35% by 2020.

 The Rise of the Visualization Package:

Just like running a business cannot be a one-man show, data visualization too, needs a host of people to collate data, organize and visualize it as well as to interpret and analyze it. This process may require many people with specific skill sets. As more and more businesses embrace data visualization, there is a lack of experienced people with the skills needed to excel in the field. However, SaaS products are a kind of easy to use software which provides all analytical functions with minimal training. Now you can expect more of data visualization SaaS products entering the market in 2017.

 Animation and Interactive Visuals:

While the last few years were all about using 2D infographics for data visualization, 3D interactive images and moving pictures are the latest tools that advancement in technology has provided data visualizers. Due to this, there is a powerful shift towards animation and interactive visuals in data visualization. As we move ahead in 2017, the persuasive power of moving images is going to be another trend to watch out for.

 Mobility and Easy Accessibility:

The advancement in mobile technologies and the advent of smartphones and tablets has equipped data analysts and decision-makers to consume data anytime and anywhere. However, there are limitations such as inadequate data security and small canvas for visualizations. Therefore, the emerging trend would be to enable users to access data on their smart device but store the data on servers instead of the device itself. This will ensure there is no data theft in case the smartphone is lost.

 Big Data and the Human Factor:

Big data is incomprehensible and does not usually provide valuable insights on its own. Not all available data is valuable, so it is important to separate the seed from the clutter. We need to analyze the potential data sources and determine if we are selecting the best sources and the best angle for proper analysis. If we are not doing that, we can be certain that our competitors Therefore, more and more organizations are making this big data smaller and understandable through data visualization and visual analytics. The trend here is to make big data manageable and dependable by making available what is relevant to the user.
 















     Prev Post 

Next Post       







You might also like







Benefits of Embedded Analytics for the Life Sciences Industry                                    








Is There a Need for Digital Innovation for SMB Pharma?                                    








Power Bi Dashboards and its contribution to Data Visualization and Advanced Analytics                                    








All That You Need To Know About Data Lake And Data Warehousing                                    








Unlocking the Potential of Data Lakes in the Life Sciences Industry                                    








Business Intelligence battle ground                                    








Data Visualization solutions: Exploration and Presentation                                    








Data in Sheets vs Visual Data                                    




















Contact Us




×

 




 








 



 





Solutions 



 Strategy & Consulting 



Business Research 



Business Development and Licensing 



Commercial 





Technologies 



PPM 



AI/ML 



Cloud 



Big Data 





Products 



Executive Dashboards 



Resource Management 



Competitive Intelligence 





About Us 



Blog 



Case Studies 



Contact Us 









© 2024 i2e Consulting. All Rights Reserved. 





Privacy Policy | Disclaimer 





 


Linkedin
 



Facebook
 



Instagram
 

























































