








Office 365 security strategies for your organization - i2e Consulting

































































 



















 
 








 
 
Technologies

Planisware Generative AI Project Online AI/ML SharePoint Cloud Big Data

Solutions

Strategy & Consulting

Strategic Portfolio Management R&D Portfolio Management Portfolio Decision Analytics Medical Affairs 
Business Research

Competitive Intelligence EWS Market Assessment 
Business Development & Licensing

Indication and Asset Prioritization Forecasting and Valuation Target Product Profile (TPP) & Partnering Package Preparation Partner Identification and Reach Out 
Commercial

Forecasting and Valuation BI Dashboards Marketing and Digital Services Market Access Sales Analytics 


About Us

About i2e Work at i2e Contact Us

Partners

Partners

Resource Center

Blog Case Studies Webinars Events & News

Planisware Exchange 24 


X
 












Office 365 security strategies for your organization

Date: 3rd February, 2022    Time: 11:00 AM IST 
Discover how Office 365 security can give you overall protection. From the endpoint to the cloud, across security, compliance, identity, device management, and privacy.

The hybrid work world is making many an organization rethink network and security strategies. Newer challenges have kept your IT team on their toes. No technology can prevent 100% of the attacks hitting your users, but with trusted technology and measures you can avoid majority of them.
Given the fact that these last few months have likely reshaped the next 10 years of security and digital transformation, we need to rebuild our defenses based on this new reality.
Speaker

Shashank Gidbidi
Project Lead Microsoft Managed Services
Meet the Speaker

Shashank Gidbidi, security ninja and IT administrator at i2e Consulting. A certified cloud (Microsoft Azure, Google Cloud Platform and Oracle Cloud) and cybersecurity professional, he helps organizations setup Internal processes to streamline and automate functions across teams. As a cybersecurity and cloud evangelist, he wears multiple hats, a security trainer, pre-sales consultant, and at times even leads strategic security initiatives. Having implemented Microsoft 365 solutions for customers, he is adept at ensuring that the organizations improve their security posture and utilize the services efficiently.
If he is not working you will see him involved in the Web3 space across the NFT and DAO communities on Discord and Twitter or glued to a business magazine.Discussion Panel



Vivek Kadam
Sr. Sales Manager


Key Takeaways: 



Current threat landscape and common attacks
Office 365 security overview
Microsoft 365 Security and Compliance Centre
Secure external file sharing
Protecting common Office apps
Email security best practices 
Security Measures for end-users
Watch Now







Introducing i2e Tech Talk, a webinar series by professionals on latest in technology, best practices, breakthrough products, and more. Broaden your horizons, learn something new.

 








Contact Us




×

 




 








 



 





Solutions 



 Strategy & Consulting 



Business Research 



Business Development and Licensing 



Commercial 





Technologies 



PPM 



AI/ML 



Cloud 



Big Data 





Products 



Executive Dashboards 



Resource Management 



Competitive Intelligence 





About Us 



Blog 



Case Studies 



Contact Us 









© 2024 i2e Consulting. All Rights Reserved. 





Privacy Policy | Disclaimer 





 


Linkedin
 



Facebook
 



Instagram
 





















































