








Organizing Data for Portfolio Decision Making - i2e Consulting

































































 



















 
 








 
 
Technologies

Planisware Generative AI Project Online AI/ML SharePoint Cloud Big Data

Solutions

Strategy & Consulting

Strategic Portfolio Management R&D Portfolio Management Portfolio Decision Analytics Medical Affairs 
Business Research

Competitive Intelligence EWS Market Assessment 
Business Development & Licensing

Indication and Asset Prioritization Forecasting and Valuation Target Product Profile (TPP) & Partnering Package Preparation Partner Identification and Reach Out 
Commercial

Forecasting and Valuation BI Dashboards Marketing and Digital Services Market Access Sales Analytics 


About Us

About i2e Work at i2e Contact Us

Partners

Partners

Resource Center

Blog Case Studies Webinars Events & News

Planisware Exchange 24 


X
 












Organizing Data for Portfolio Decision Making

Date: 19th May, 2022  
 Businesses are rapidly evolving;
the amount of data volume is exponentially increasing yet; companies are still spending hours in PowerPoint report generation? The multi-country, multi-vendor Pharma environment is not helping either. If you zoom in to these problems, often it is observed that a common set of system challenges are present in most organizations struggling with portfolio decision-making. 


In the webinar, we will discuss business problems in the life science space, technical hurdles, and how with a good approach and even better execution you could master quicker decision making.     
In this webinar you will learn:




Current challenges in Life Sciences 

Maximizing data worth  


Reporting Automation 


Portfolio decision-making for clinical development 


Planisware working solutions 

Who should attend?



Project managers in biotech and pharma, leaders of biotech and pharmaceutical industries. Portfolio and Project Management organizations, PMO Managers, and leaders of biotech and pharma R&D organizations. 
About i2e 


i2e Consulting is Microsoft Gold and a Planisware Partner with Project and Portfolio Management competence. We have 13 years of experience in consultation, implementation, customization, support, and migration of Microsoft Project Online and other PPM solutions. Speakers 


 Moid AhmadHead Pharma Digital Solutions
About Moid 




Moid heads our Pharma Digital Solutions. He has 14 years of experience working in IT out of which 9 years in the pharma industry. Moid has a proved track record of delivering global multi-year, multi-million-dollar full cycle system implementations. He also specializes in problem solving, delegating and empowering direct reports. 
 
Moid and his team design, develop and deliver solutions that ensures utmost customer satisfaction. 




 Pratik Shinde
Planisware Practice Lead

About Pratik



Pratik is our Planisware specialist and practice lead. He has 11 years of experience working for IT and is well versed with the functionalities of Planisware. He focuses on delivering Planisware applications according to our client’s needs. 


 James Kurian 
Data Analytics Practice Lead

About James



When data and analytics is in question, then James is our go to guy. He works as a Practice lead for Data Analytics at i2e. He focuses on creating products and services that are robust cutting edge. James’s also loves to work with new technologies and delivery innovative solutions to all our client’s problems. 







Introducing i2eTechtalk- A webinar series focused on information and education. Through this series, we will bring you first-hand information about technology from experts in the industry. Join our webinars and keep yourself updated and informed. 


 








Contact Us




×

 




 








 



 





Solutions 



 Strategy & Consulting 



Business Research 



Business Development and Licensing 



Commercial 





Technologies 



PPM 



AI/ML 



Cloud 



Big Data 





Products 



Executive Dashboards 



Resource Management 



Competitive Intelligence 





About Us 



Blog 



Case Studies 



Contact Us 









© 2024 i2e Consulting. All Rights Reserved. 





Privacy Policy | Disclaimer 





 


Linkedin
 



Facebook
 



Instagram
 





















































