








Organizing Biotech Project Management Systems to support Portfolio Reporting - i2e Consulting

































































 



















 
 








 
 
Technologies

Planisware Generative AI Project Online AI/ML SharePoint Cloud Big Data

Solutions

Strategy & Consulting

Strategic Portfolio Management R&D Portfolio Management Portfolio Decision Analytics Medical Affairs 
Business Research

Competitive Intelligence EWS Market Assessment 
Business Development & Licensing

Indication and Asset Prioritization Forecasting and Valuation Target Product Profile (TPP) & Partnering Package Preparation Partner Identification and Reach Out 
Commercial

Forecasting and Valuation BI Dashboards Marketing and Digital Services Market Access Sales Analytics 


About Us

About i2e Work at i2e Contact Us

Partners

Partners

Resource Center

Blog Case Studies Webinars Events & News

Planisware Exchange 24 


X
 












Organizing Biotech Project Management Systems to support Portfolio Reporting

Date: 7th April 2022    Time: 11:00 AM IST 
 
Version control issues, no systematic way of sharing project plan files, manually created portfolio reports, and limitations of the capability of their project management tool(s) to handle complex projects – 
these are common challenges that many small and medium-sized biotech companies face with their project management tools and systems. Given the complexity of drug development, long timelines, and large investment requirements, even small and medium-sized biotech companies need an integrated project management and portfolio reporting solution.   

Join us for this live webinar to understand how to implement a fit-for-purpose Project Management and Portfolio reporting solution for your biotech organization.  
In this webinar you will learn:



What is possible – the features and capabilities of a fit-for-purpose Project Management and Portfolio reporting solution 


The benefits of implementing a Project Management and Portfolio Reporting solution 

That implementation is faster, less costly, and easier than you might think 


How a relatively small fit-for-purpose solution can lay the foundation for more sophisticated Project Management and Portfolio reporting systems in the future 
Who should attend?



Project managers in biotech, leaders of biotech Portfolio and Project Management organizations, PMO Managers, and leaders of biotech R&D organizations.
About i2e 


i2e Consulting is Microsoft Gold and a Planisware Partner with Project and Portfolio Management competence. We have 13 years of experience in consultation, implementation, customization, support, and migration of Microsoft Project Online and other PPM solutions. Speakers 


 Ken CarlsonProject Management Specialist
About Ken




Ken has over 35 years of experience in drug development and change management. He led large-scale change projects, line functions and cross-functional teams in the biopharmaceutical sector. Ken’s specialties include project management, change management, drug development operations, and process design. He is technically strong and holds PMP and Six Sigma certifications and is also a sough-after speaker at various project management conferences associated with the biopharmaceutical industry. 
 
He works with i2e as a Principal PPM consultant and helps in delivering projects with top-class quality. 




 Himanshu Arora
Project Online Specialist 
About Himanshu



Himanshu is a Project Online specialist and lead at i2e Consulting. Himanshu’s domain expertise includes Project Online, Microsoft PPM technologies, enterprise resource management and PMOs. He helped global organizations to develop and implement Project Online. 







Introducing i2eTechtalk- A webinar series focused on information and education. Through this series, we will bring you first-hand information about technology from experts in the industry. Join our webinars and keep yourself updated and informed. 


 








Contact Us




×

 




 








 



 





Solutions 



 Strategy & Consulting 



Business Research 



Business Development and Licensing 



Commercial 





Technologies 



PPM 



AI/ML 



Cloud 



Big Data 





Products 



Executive Dashboards 



Resource Management 



Competitive Intelligence 





About Us 



Blog 



Case Studies 



Contact Us 









© 2024 i2e Consulting. All Rights Reserved. 





Privacy Policy | Disclaimer 





 


Linkedin
 



Facebook
 



Instagram
 





















































