








Life Sciences Tech Solutions: Partner with I2E Consulting's Experts






































































 



















 
 








 
 
Technologies

Planisware Generative AI Project Online AI/ML SharePoint Cloud Big Data

Solutions

Strategy & Consulting

Strategic Portfolio Management R&D Portfolio Management Portfolio Decision Analytics Medical Affairs 
Business Research

Competitive Intelligence EWS Market Assessment 
Business Development & Licensing

Indication and Asset Prioritization Forecasting and Valuation Target Product Profile (TPP) & Partnering Package Preparation Partner Identification and Reach Out 
Commercial

Forecasting and Valuation BI Dashboards Marketing and Digital Services Market Access Sales Analytics 


About Us

About i2e Work at i2e Contact Us

Partners

Partners

Resource Center

Blog Case Studies Webinars Events & News

Planisware Exchange 24 


X
 















i2e ConsultingPartners 







Our partners 



 i2e’s strategic partner network helps us provide best-in-class PPM, AI/ML, cloud & hosting solutions for our clients. Our domain expertise and pre-built solutions accelerate time-to-business value and improve ROI for life sciences organizations. 







Planiswarei2e consulting is a part of the Planisware strategic alliance. As implementation and consulting partners, we help organizations implement Planisware Enterprise or Orchestra. In addition, our expertise includes Planisware system integration, portfolio dashboards with Planisware datasets for better decision making. 







DataikuDataiku is one of the world’s leading AI and machine learning platforms, supporting agility in organizations’ data efforts via collaborative, elastic, and responsible AI, all at enterprise scale. Hundreds of companies use Dataiku to underpin their essential business operations and ensure they stay relevant in a changing world, including models driving fraud detection, customer churn prevention, predictive maintenance, supply chain optimization, and much more. Dataiku is built for companies looking to democratize AI across their organization, bringing agility and preparedness to the business through the use of data by everyone from analysts to data scientists. 







SnowflakeWe partnered with Snowflake to help our customers leverage the flexible data management and analytical services of Snowflake. The cloud platform’s Data Cloud connects to dozens of other solutions, to easily extract valuable insights. As a technology partner our team has the expertise to consult and implement Snowflake in line with your business needs. 







MicrosoftWe are gold Microsoft certified solution provider. We specialize in providing up-to-date Microsoft technology-based customer solutions like Cloud Solutions, Project Management, Business Productivity. In addition, under Microsoft Services Provider License Agreement (SPLA), we also provide licenses for software services and hosted applications to end customers. 







AWSWe are an AWS technology and consulting businesses Partner. As a part of the AWS Partner Network (APN), we leverage Amazon Web Services to build solutions and services for customers. This empowers us with AWS expertise, and uniquely positions us to help companies at various stages of their cloud journey. 







Automation AnywhereOur technology alliance partnership with Automation Anywhere helps us build, enhance and implement automation solutions. 







Why partner with us? 



Partnerships are catalysts for a better world. We believe in work that transforms the future of medical research, health outcomes, and patient care. Our strategic partnerships demonstrate our commitment to advancing healthcare. That’s why have invested in building a partner network program optimized for mutual success. Whether you are an upcoming tech platform or an established market leading brand, we are confident that our partnership will help life sciences organizations solve problems of tomorrow, today.						








 



Createmission level impact 



We believe in delivering innovations that can generate mission level impact in life sciences. Innovations that impact healthcare and improve outcomes for many years to come. Our expertise and talent in science, development and business helps us deliver value to our partners while creating impact for customers. Business development, R&D, commercial and regulatory teams rely on i2e to deliver innovative solutions for their biggest problems. Our collaboration can help you expand your reach, broaden your addressable market, and support innovative use cases in life sciences. 





 



Life sciencesfocused 



Our precision analytics and solution offerings are designed specifically for life sciences organizations by specialists with deep industry expertise. We understand the nature and importance of clinical data, commercial complexity, regulatory obligations and stakeholder dynamics that distinguish this sector. If you want to create cutting edge impact in life sciences, i2e is your partner. 





 



Continuousinnovation 



Through our AI Innovation Lab, our focus on lab-to-market, and deep industry expertise, we bring to life some of the most innovative solutions to the most pressing problems in life sciences, helping create industry best practices, driving deployments, adoption, and customer success. Our global network of co-innovation labs and delivery capabilities make us the preferred partner of choice for industry leading products and platforms. 














Contact Us




×

 




 








 



 





Solutions 



Strategy & Consulting 



Business Research 



Business Development and Licensing 



Commercial 





Technologies 



PPM 



AI/ML 



Cloud 



Big Data 





Products 



Executive Dashboards 



Resource Management 



Competitive Intelligence 





About Us 



Blog 



Case Studies 



Contact Us 









© 2024 i2e Consulting. All Rights Reserved. 





Privacy Policy | Disclaimer 





 


Linkedin
 



Facebook
 



Instagram
 
















































