








Pandemic Lessons: Why Healthcare Industry Should Engage Managed IT Services Provider. - i2e Consulting









































































 



















 
 








 
 
Technologies

Planisware Generative AI Project Online AI/ML SharePoint Cloud Big Data

Solutions

Strategy & Consulting

Strategic Portfolio Management R&D Portfolio Management Portfolio Decision Analytics Medical Affairs 
Business Research

Competitive Intelligence EWS Market Assessment 
Business Development & Licensing

Indication and Asset Prioritization Forecasting and Valuation Target Product Profile (TPP) & Partnering Package Preparation Partner Identification and Reach Out 
Commercial

Forecasting and Valuation BI Dashboards Marketing and Digital Services Market Access Sales Analytics 


About Us

About i2e Work at i2e Contact Us

Partners

Partners

Resource Center

Blog Case Studies Webinars Events & News

Planisware Exchange 24 


X
 




















 


Pandemic Lessons: Why Healthcare Industry Should Engage Managed IT Services Provider. - i2e Consulting                                

September 14, 2021                                

Technology helped the healthcare industry to cope up with the growing patient demands and competition in the market. However, when the pandemic hit, it exposed other technological challenges they were facing and highlighted the need for robust digital solutions. But the healthcare industry’s core capabilities do not lie in technology, so how do they innovate? They can do it with the help of IT managed services. 
Read this blog as we tell you what IT managed services are and why the healthcare industry needs to adopt it. 
IT Managed Services Can Help Healthcare Industry Save Time and Money. 
IT managed services is a practice where companies can partner with technology providers to deliver cutting-edge digital solutions. This way the healthcare industry gets a chance to reap the benefits of the latest technologies without having to invest time and money in doing it by themselves. 
Areas Where IT- Managed Services Can Help the Healthcare Industry 
The pandemic has shown the need to add scalable digital infrastructure that can help the healthcare industry to maintain compliance, easily access and share patient information, and protect data. Though the in-house IT team was taking care of most of these requirements, they now needed to switch their focus on rapidly preparing the existing infrastructure for new needs and increased usage. 
Below are some areas where IT managed services can help the healthcare industry to upgrade without increasing the overheads cost. 
The sudden influx of patients due to the pandemic made it impossible for physicians to access patient’s medical records scattered across multiple sources. A managed services partner can help the hospital to update its data sharing systems and provide options to retrieve information from a variety of sources. The social distancing norms made teleconsultation a compulsion. An IT managed services manager can help build a communication model based on the clientele, budget, and technical skills. From video conferencing facilities to building a comprehensive teleconsultation app, the possibilities are endless. 
IT service providers are also capable of implementing Intelligent Document Processing (IDP) solutions, which can help the healthcare industry to process their physical documents. This will not only increase accuracy but also reduce the manual work for the healthcare workers. A technology partner can help to put in place the infrastructure needed for disaster recovery and business continuity. For example, if the hospital’s database is hacked, disaster recovery solutions can help in minimizing downtime, recover losses and ensure unaffected patient care. IT partners can also help scale your existing infrastructure to accommodate the increased influx of patients. Additionally, the partner will also provide round-the-clock monitoring, additional workforce, and enterprise level tools to enforce best practices in back-ups, storage, and security. 
The healthcare industry needs technology to carry out its core business activities effectively, but most of them do not have the infrastructure and expertise to develop and deploy technology. However, with the help of IT managed services, they can experience the benefits of advanced technology, without the hassle of investing in overheads or hiring professionals. 
i2e Consulting is a trusted service provider for many organizations in the healthcare industry. Our team carries the expertise in providing tailor-made solutions that will fit your business needs. If you are interested in exploring the possibilities of IT managed services, then please fill in the form and we will contact you. 


Tags: IT Managed Service Provider, IT Managed Services, IT Managed Services in Healthcare industry 












     Prev Post 

Next Post       







You might also like







Benefits of Embedded Analytics for the Life Sciences Industry                                    








Why You Should Use PPM (Project Portfolio Management) Software for Project Collaboration                                    








Is There a Need for Digital Innovation for SMB Pharma?                                    








Analytics for Resourcing Decision Making.                                    








Microsoft adds RPA to its list of services with Power Automate                                    








Top Pharma IT solution trends you should practice                                    








Is Your Data Ready for Generative AI: A Guide for Life Sciences Organizations                                      








Change Management- What is it? And Why Should Project Managers Understand and Own it                                     




















Contact Us




×

 




 








 



 





Solutions 



 Strategy & Consulting 



Business Research 



Business Development and Licensing 



Commercial 





Technologies 



PPM 



AI/ML 



Cloud 



Big Data 





Products 



Executive Dashboards 



Resource Management 



Competitive Intelligence 





About Us 



Blog 



Case Studies 



Contact Us 









© 2024 i2e Consulting. All Rights Reserved. 





Privacy Policy | Disclaimer 





 


Linkedin
 



Facebook
 



Instagram
 

























































