








Maximizing Portfolio Value: Pharma’s Centralized Portfolio View


































































 



















 
 








 
 
Technologies

Planisware Generative AI Project Online AI/ML SharePoint Cloud Big Data

Solutions

Strategy & Consulting

Strategic Portfolio Management R&D Portfolio Management Portfolio Decision Analytics Medical Affairs 
Business Research

Competitive Intelligence EWS Market Assessment 
Business Development & Licensing

Indication and Asset Prioritization Forecasting and Valuation Target Product Profile (TPP) & Partnering Package Preparation Partner Identification and Reach Out 
Commercial

Forecasting and Valuation BI Dashboards Marketing and Digital Services Market Access Sales Analytics 


About Us

About i2e Work at i2e Contact Us

Partners

Partners

Resource Center

Blog Case Studies Webinars Events & News

Planisware Exchange 24 


X
 












CASE STUDY



Pharma Company Achieved a Centralized Portfolio View which Maximized Portfolio Value and Minimized Business Risk.


 


Business Case

Data-driven decision making is crucial to minimizing business risk and maximizing portfolio value. A global pharmaceutical company was struggling to access timely and accurate operational and financial project metrics such project delivery milestone dates, development cost forecast, revenue forecasts, Probability of Technical and Regulatory Success (PTRS). The decision makers also needed value metrics such as estimated Net Present Value (eNPV) and estimated Internal Rate of Return (eIRR).
Assessing these projects metrics across project development scenarios and in the context of the whole portfolio is essential for portfolio directors and decision-makers to inform consequential portfolio investment decisions.
Resolving data trust issues caused by data silos, data disparity and data misalignment; and the need to centralize the comparison and visualization of project data against the broader portfolio were the key challenges that prompted improvement in their decision-making capabilities. The client needed a way to access timely and accurate portfolio data all in one place.
Key  Challenges
 


Change management in establishing uniform standards for maintaining project data


 


Visualizing and comparing portfolio project investment options in a common framework


 


Aggregating and integrating data from various projects within the portfolio

Resolution
Team i2e engineered Clairvoyance- a custom Executive Dashboard Application tailored specifically for the pharmaceutical industry. This application offers a consolidated view of the client’s project portfolio, providing executives with a powerful interactive tool for data-driven decision-making. This custom solution delivers a robust data quality verification platform and offers the analysis and visualization features needed to tackle the various problems the client was experiencing.

Centralized Data Aggregation:The application seamlessly integrates with the client's existing project management, research, clinical and financial systems, pulling real-time data from various sources. This automation eliminates manual data entry and ensures that reporting is both accurate and consistent. Additionally, our data experts re-engineered the data and established uniform data standards across all the projects. 

Comprehensive Dashboard View:The dashboard provides a holistic view of the entire project portfolio, filterable across relevant project attributes, presenting cost and revenue forecasts as well as eNPV, eIRR, PTRS, and other vital metrics, in an intuitive and visually appealing format. Key performance indicators are displayed through charts, graphs, and tables, enabling executives to quickly assess portfolio status, risk considerations and investment opportunities.

Project Drill-Down Capabilities:Executives can delve deeper into individual projects for a more detailed analysis. They have direct access to project-specific reports, research findings, competitive intelligence, risk assessments and financial forecasts, allowing them to gain a comprehensive understanding of each project's performance and potential.

Customizable Alerts and Notifications:The application features a robust notification system that promptly alerts executives to significant project value changes in the portfolio. This functionality ensures that leaders are informed of critical portfolio developments with associated portfolio value impacts and supportive rationales for the risk, opportunity and value change. Timely, rules-based risk monitoring has led to more informed and effective risk mitigation and subsequent value creation. 

Scenario Assessment and Sensitivity Analysis: Executives can conduct scenario assessment and sensitivity tests within the dashboard. This empowers them to evaluate the impact of various scenarios on key metrics, facilitating greater focus in critical business operations, and driving increased value creation potential.


Benefits

Decision-makers empowered to interactively monitor and evaluate portfolio performance. 


Automating data aggregation and report generation saved time and resources. 


Timely alerts and access to detailed project-level information led to timely risk mitigation.


Access to real-time project data fosters a culture of accountability and transparency.

Scalable and customizable solution accommodates growing portfolio needs.

Results

 
 








Contact Us




×

 




 








 



 





Solutions 



 Strategy & Consulting 



Business Research 



Business Development and Licensing 



Commercial 





Technologies 



PPM 



AI/ML 



Cloud 



Big Data 





Products 



Executive Dashboards 



Resource Management 



Competitive Intelligence 





About Us 



Blog 



Case Studies 



Contact Us 









© 2024 i2e Consulting. All Rights Reserved. 





Privacy Policy | Disclaimer 





 


Linkedin
 



Facebook
 



Instagram
 





















































