








Pharma IT Solutions Archives - i2e Consulting

























































 



















 
 








 
 
Technologies

Planisware Generative AI Project Online AI/ML SharePoint Cloud Big Data

Solutions

Strategy & Consulting

Strategic Portfolio Management R&D Portfolio Management Portfolio Decision Analytics Medical Affairs 
Business Research

Competitive Intelligence EWS Market Assessment 
Business Development & Licensing

Indication and Asset Prioritization Forecasting and Valuation Target Product Profile (TPP) & Partnering Package Preparation Partner Identification and Reach Out 
Commercial

Forecasting and Valuation BI Dashboards Marketing and Digital Services Market Access Sales Analytics 


About Us

About i2e Work at i2e Contact Us

Partners

Partners

Resource Center

Blog Case Studies Webinars Events & News

Planisware Exchange 24 


X
 









   Category: Pharma IT Solutions

Home
 Category: Pharma IT Solutions



















October 4, 2022            

Benefits of Embedded Analytics for the Life Sciences Industry                

Analytics always played a pivotal role in the life sciences industry. Owing to the dynamic and complex nature of drug development and marketing, pharma decision-makers rely heavily on data to decide on the future course of action.  According to a Worldwide Health Industry 2020 predictions report, the next decade will be defined by healthcare data […]



Sanjana Lagudu                    


Data Analytics, Data Visualization, Digital Transformation, Pharma IT Solutions 

No Comments                

Read More












October 27, 2021            

Is There a Need for Digital Innovation for SMB Pharma?                

In recent years, the pharma industry has witnessed a noticeable rise in the number of small and medium-sized pharma companies (SMBs) in drug development. However, many SMBs face operational issues and competitive pressures which are major roadblocks to showcasing their full potential.  Digitalization innovation in SMB pharma could be the answer to some of these issues, as it can help SMBs to achieve not only operational efficiencies but also assist in making informed decisions, better data management, and cost-cutting.   In this blog, we will tell you about the various areas where digital […]



Sri Kanagala                    


Data Visualization, Digital Transformation, IT Managed Services, Office 365, Pharma IT Solutions, Power Platform 

No Comments                

Read More












September 14, 2021            

Pandemic Lessons: Why Healthcare Industry Should Engage Managed IT Services Provider.                

Technology helped the healthcare industry to cope up with the growing patient demands and competition in the market. However, when the pandemic hit, it exposed other technological challenges they were facing and highlighted the need for robust digital solutions. But the healthcare industry’s core capabilities do not lie in technology, so how do they innovate? They can do it with the help of IT managed services.  Read this blog […]



Sanjana Lagudu                    


IT Managed Services, Pharma IT Solutions 

No Comments                

Read More












September 2, 2020            

Analytics for Resourcing Decision Making.                

R&D funds in pharmaceuticals are scares, it is important that they be allocated wisely. Companies often find it difficult to decide on which resources to pursue or, at times even more significant which resources to retire or discontinue.   Are you making these common mistakes?  Guesstimates: Your next project or project phase is about to start, you hold a team meeting, and based […]



Darshana Barthakur                    


Digital Transformation, Pharma IT Solutions 

No Comments                

Read More












January 19, 2020            

Microsoft adds RPA to its list of services with Power Automate                

Microsoft is heavily invested in empowering the average business users and is pushing for anyone can develop. In this context, Power Platform, first introduced in 2018 shows tremendous promise especially with the newly revamped Power Automate (previously Microsoft Flow) and Power Agents. The latest edition of Microsoft Ignite declared that the company will be a […]



Sri Kanagala                    


Pharma IT Solutions, Power Automate, Robotic Process Automation 

No Comments                

Read More












October 14, 2019            

Top Pharma IT solution trends you should practice                

The end of last century witnessed Industrial revolution 3 popularly known as the digital revolution and now industries are gearing for industrial revolution 4.0 or IR 4.0 For those who are not aware of this, Technology writer, Alasdair Gilchrist, describes Industry 4.0 as the convergence of people, physical systems, and data within an industrial process to increase […]



Vishal Rane                    


Digital Transformation, Pharma IT Solutions 

No Comments                

Read More


















11671
Categories

App Modernization

Artificial Intelligence

Augmented & Virtual Reality

AWS RedShift

Big Data

Blockchain

Cloud

Data Analytics

Data Visualization

Digital Transformation

Document Management System SharePoint

Enterprise Mobility

IT Managed Services

IT Outsourcing

Latest Blog

Microsoft Azure

Microsoft Teams

News

Office 365

Pharma IT Solutions

Planisware

Power Apps

Power Automate

Power BI

Power Platform

Project Management

Project Online

Project Portfolio Management

Resource Management

Robotic Process Automation

SharePoint

Staff Augmentation

Tips

Uncategorized

Windows Virtual Desktop

Work Culture




Recent Posts


Is Your Data Ready for Generative AI: A Guide for Life Sciences Organizations  


Change Management- What is it? And Why Should Project Managers Understand and Own it 


A Pharma Success Story: How a Generative AI Chatbot Helped in Driving Swift Query Resolution in Clinical Trials 


What is Generative AI & How Can Life Sciences Organizations Benefit from it 


Common Resource Allocation Challenges and How Digital PPM Solutions can Solve them


 










Contact Us




×

 




 








 



 





Solutions 



 Strategy & Consulting 



Business Research 



Business Development and Licensing 



Commercial 





Technologies 



PPM 



AI/ML 



Cloud 



Big Data 





Products 



Executive Dashboards 



Resource Management 



Competitive Intelligence 





About Us 



Blog 



Case Studies 



Contact Us 









© 2024 i2e Consulting. All Rights Reserved. 





Privacy Policy | Disclaimer 





 


Linkedin
 



Facebook
 



Instagram
 




















































