








Pharma Data Migration to AWS Cloud - i2e Consulting


































































 



















 
 








 
 
Technologies

Planisware Generative AI Project Online AI/ML SharePoint Cloud Big Data

Solutions

Strategy & Consulting

Strategic Portfolio Management R&D Portfolio Management Portfolio Decision Analytics Medical Affairs 
Business Research

Competitive Intelligence EWS Market Assessment 
Business Development & Licensing

Indication and Asset Prioritization Forecasting and Valuation Target Product Profile (TPP) & Partnering Package Preparation Partner Identification and Reach Out 
Commercial

Forecasting and Valuation BI Dashboards Marketing and Digital Services Market Access Sales Analytics 


About Us

About i2e Work at i2e Contact Us

Partners

Partners

Resource Center

Blog Case Studies Webinars Events & News

Planisware Exchange 24 


X
 












CASE STUDY



A Pharma Client Broke Data Siloes and Achieved Streamlined Analytics Using our Custom-Built Data Analytics Pipeline


 


Business Case

A global pharmaceutical giant was facing limitations in data management due to a traditional on-premises analytical pipeline. The current system was slow and did not offer flexibility and scalability to accommodate their growing data needs. Moreover, multiple siloed data sets, and lack of provision for using AI, analytics was depriving the teams of key opportunities to make data-backed decision-making.
The client was looking for an expert partner to migrate their analytical pipeline to AWS and utilize its advanced security features such as security groups and network access control lists, to enable inbound and outbound filtering.
Our Solution
Our AWS experts at i2e understood the client’s requirements and developed a scalable and serverless data pipeline using AWS services. The team integrated data from multiple sources, they then cleaned, de-duplicated and transformed the data to AWS Redshift for use of data analysts and scientists in S3 buckets.
The team used AWS Glue for preparing and loading the data for downstream analytics. The client had an existing Tableau license, so we integrated the pipeline with Tableau for data visualization and reporting.
This serverless approach gave the client not only the cost advantage, but also solved data siloes, flexibility and scalability issues. The entire infrastructure was built within an Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) setup which is easy-to-use, customizable and provides advanced security features.
Challenges Overcome

Consolidating data from multiple data sources

Converting raw data to structured data suitable for downstream analytics



Benefits

Efficient end-to-end data analytics pipeline for data backed decision-making


Pay-per-use cloud infrastructure, reducing maintenance costs

Advanced security with network access controls

Easy to implement, scalable, and flexible infrastructure

Results

 
 








Contact Us




×

 




 








 



 





Solutions 



 Strategy & Consulting 



Business Research 



Business Development and Licensing 



Commercial 





Technologies 



PPM 



AI/ML 



Cloud 



Big Data 





Products 



Executive Dashboards 



Resource Management 



Competitive Intelligence 





About Us 



Blog 



Case Studies 



Contact Us 









© 2024 i2e Consulting. All Rights Reserved. 





Privacy Policy | Disclaimer 





 


Linkedin
 



Facebook
 



Instagram
 





















































