Planisware Partnership Services

PPM Consulting



Maximize success with our Planisware PPM consulting

<explore our services>



Our Services

Needs assessment

We begin by assessing your existing Project Portfolio Management (PPM) processes. Our team will evaluate current workflows, from project initiation to completion. They will also examine your current technology stack and tools in use and identify integration points and potential gaps in the existing system.

Implementation planning

Our team can develop a comprehensive implementation plan, considering the organization's structure, workflows, and industry regulations. They will conduct a detailed analysis of existing workflows and processes to identify areas that require customization in Planisware. Team i2e will work closely with end-users to understand their specific needs to incorporate these into the Planisware configuration.

Configuration through best practices

As a trusted Planisware partner and with a track record of successfully implementing digital PPM solutions, team i2e will ensure to configure Planisware following industry standards. Our PPM experts will establish a framework for continuous improvement, incorporating feedback from users. We will also undertake customize dashboards, reports, and workflows to precisely match the needs of pharma decision-makers, providing them with actionable insights.

Data migration and integration

Our services do not end with configuration, we also ensure a seamless transfer of existing data to Planisware, minimizing the risk of data loss or corruption during the migration process. As per the business need, we can also integrate Planisware with other relevant systems, such as analytics tools or cloud platforms, ensuring data consistency and enhancing overall functionality.

Change management

User adoption is crucial to ensure the organization reaps the full benefits of Planisware. As seasoned Planisware experts, team i2e can assist in smooth change management. We offer hands-on and interactive training sessions to familiarize users with the Planisware platform. We also provide ongoing support through various channels, including documentation, FAQs, and dedicated support teams. Thus, ensuring users have access to the resources they need, minimizing disruptions and reinforcing their confidence in using Planisware.



Continuous improvement

Team i2e can also assist in establishing a framework for continuous improvement, incorporating feedback from users to enhance user experience and address evolving needs. Be it version upgradations or scaling Planisware to other teams, our team will be there to ensure the best possible use of Planisware in tandem to your evolving needs.



Why i2e?

Trusted Planisware Partner

14 years of PPM experience

Planisware certified and trained team

X no. of Planisware projects delivered