








Power Bi Dashboards and its contribution to Data Visualization and Advanced Analytics













































































 



















 
 








 
 
Technologies

Planisware Generative AI Project Online AI/ML SharePoint Cloud Big Data

Solutions

Strategy & Consulting

Strategic Portfolio Management R&D Portfolio Management Portfolio Decision Analytics Medical Affairs 
Business Research

Competitive Intelligence EWS Market Assessment 
Business Development & Licensing

Indication and Asset Prioritization Forecasting and Valuation Target Product Profile (TPP) & Partnering Package Preparation Partner Identification and Reach Out 
Commercial

Forecasting and Valuation BI Dashboards Marketing and Digital Services Market Access Sales Analytics 


About Us

About i2e Work at i2e Contact Us

Partners

Partners

Resource Center

Blog Case Studies Webinars Events & News

Planisware Exchange 24 


X
 




















 


Power Bi Dashboards and its contribution to Data Visualization and Advanced Analytics                                

June 30, 2021                                

Business Intelligence has given a whole new meaning to the decision-making process of organizations worldwide. Enterprises across the globe are now leveraging the technology-driven solution to make better decisions by quick data mining, data collection, migration, analysis, and interactive data visualization. And when we talk about the most versatile BI tools, we can’t miss one such leader in Gartner’s Magic Quadrant for Analytics and Business Intelligence Platforms for the past 12 years. Power Bi, a self-service analytics tool that helps businesses make powerful decisions. 
Why Power Bi is the most desired Analytics tool   
Power Bi has simplified the technique of generating business intelligence solutions through its interactive dashboards. The users no longer need to be technical experts to write lengthy codes to produce useful data. The tool follows the same approach as excel to store and display data and hence it is easier to use. The smart cloud-based solution requires no capital expenditure and can be easily integrated with existing business applications.  
Power Bi’s data modeling technique can process millions of data and compress them into significantly smaller datasets, which makes it perform better than excel. It also has a built-in auto-update feature that keeps updating the data at a scheduled time interval and presents it to the end-user. 
What makes Power Bi Dashboards so versatile –   
Powe Bi allows you to connect with diverse data sources, collect the data, group them under specific categories and present it visually in the form of a data model. But how do these dashboards help in simplifying business data? The customizable dashboards come with standard visuals such as bar, graph, pie charts, scatter, table, column, line, map, a matrix that gives a presentable look to the generated reports. One can also create their own visuals in the dashboards which come with a drag and drop feature. 
The major components of Power BI dashboard – 
Power Query: Simplifies the process of data transformation from various sources and arranges them. Power Pivot: Employs faster data analytics by turning large unstructured data into understandable data models. Power View: Visualize the data in the form of interactive charts, graphs, maps etc. Power Map: Allows to create immersive 3D visuals mostly used in Geographic data. Power Q&A: Comes with a natural language query engine and voice recognition QA feature that allows users to ask questions in simple English. 
How do the consolidated Power BI dashboards help? 
Power Bi dashboards enables transparency into a business and organizations can explore all the possibilities with a 360° view. Let’s learn how these versatile dashboards present valuable insights into a business – 
The powerful analytics tool can extract data from different sources including cloud, SQL databases, excel spreadsheets and even csv files and present data driven insights that can boost your business. The dashboard has only one screen carrying all the information which makes it easier to review. Due to its auto update feature, one can always access the latest real time data on the go. Explore the underlying data revolving around project planning, finances, resource management, client review all in just one place. The dashboards are capable of identifying opportunities and forecasting future risks which improve decision making. To all the user queries, the tool uses a special algorithm to list down all the results related to the query and present a useful preview. 
Power Bi has proved to be one of the most versatile analytics tools in the market. It’s a strategy that every business should employ in order to enhance business intelligence and efficient analytics.  
Learn how Power Bi can help you achieve your goals. Connect with us today. 


Tags: Advanced Analytics, Data Visualization Solutions, Power Bi Dashboards, Power BI Solutions 












     Prev Post 

Next Post       







You might also like







Benefits of Embedded Analytics for the Life Sciences Industry                                    








Is There a Need for Digital Innovation for SMB Pharma?                                    








5 Practical Examples of How Power Automate (MS Flow) Can Help the Health Care Industry                                    








Project Online and Power BI- A Dynamic Duo for Making Reports That Matter.                                    








All That You Need To Know About Data Lake And Data Warehousing                                    








Unlocking the Potential of Data Lakes in the Life Sciences Industry                                    








Integrating Power BI to SharePoint                                    








Business Intelligence battle ground                                    




















Contact Us




×

 




 








 



 





Solutions 



 Strategy & Consulting 



Business Research 



Business Development and Licensing 



Commercial 





Technologies 



PPM 



AI/ML 



Cloud 



Big Data 





Products 



Executive Dashboards 



Resource Management 



Competitive Intelligence 





About Us 



Blog 



Case Studies 



Contact Us 









© 2024 i2e Consulting. All Rights Reserved. 





Privacy Policy | Disclaimer 





 


Linkedin
 



Facebook
 



Instagram
 






















































