








Privacy Policy - i2e Consulting
































































 



















 
 








 
 
Technologies

Planisware Generative AI Project Online AI/ML SharePoint Cloud Big Data

Solutions

Strategy & Consulting

Strategic Portfolio Management R&D Portfolio Management Portfolio Decision Analytics Medical Affairs 
Business Research

Competitive Intelligence EWS Market Assessment 
Business Development & Licensing

Indication and Asset Prioritization Forecasting and Valuation Target Product Profile (TPP) & Partnering Package Preparation Partner Identification and Reach Out 
Commercial

Forecasting and Valuation BI Dashboards Marketing and Digital Services Market Access Sales Analytics 


About Us

About i2e Work at i2e Contact Us

Partners

Partners

Resource Center

Blog Case Studies Webinars Events & News

Planisware Exchange 24 


X
 










PRIVACY POLICY
We, i2e Consulting Private Limited, are the owners of the website https://www.i2econsulting.com (“Website”).
We respect data privacy rights and are committed to protecting personal information collected on this Website. This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) sets forth how we collect, use and protect the personal information collected on this Website.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully.
For residents of the EU, please note that this Privacy Policy has been updated in accordance with the requirements of the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”).
For Non-EU residents, by continuing to use the services or access the Website, you agree to this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, you may not avail the services or access the Website.
1. INTRODUCTION
This Website showcases our products and services offerings (“Offerings”).
2. WHAT DATA DO WE COLLECT?
To sign up for our Offerings or to get in touch with us through the ‘Contact’ page, you are required to provide us with your name, telephone number, e-mail address and physical address and your company’s name. We also collect certain information on the way you use the Website, through cookies. This is done primarily to enhance user experience. Our cookies collect information about the time, duration and frequency of your visits to our Website, and the pages you visit on our Website. Cookies are small encrypted files, that the Website transfers to the device through which you access our Website.
For the sake of brevity, the aforementioned information shall be referred to as “Personal Information”.
We also collect certain non-personal information on the way you use the Website, through tools such as Google Analytics (a brief description of the same is provided below). This is done primarily to enhance user experience. These tools collect certain information which helps us understand how many visitors have visited the Website and also, their behaviour.
Google Analytics- This Website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses cookies, text files that are stored on your computer and enable analysis of your use of the Website. The information generated by the cookies about your use of this website are usually transferred to a server of Google in the US and stored there. In case of activation of IP anonymization on this website your IP address from Google will be truncated within Member States of the European Union or other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases is the full IP address is transmitted to a Google server in the US and shortened there. You can refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser software. You can also prevent the data generated by the cookie and related to your use of the website to Google and the processing of these data by Google, by downloading the available browser plug-in available at the following link (https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/). To learn more about the commitment of Google Analytics towards data privacy, you may visit https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en.
As per the provisions of the GDPR we shall be considered the Controllers of the aforementioned personal information.
Accuracy of information. Please make sure that any Personal Information you share with us is accurate and up to date information. If you are sharing any Personal Information on behalf of a third person, you should ensure that you are authorized to do so.
3. WHAT DO WE DO WITH YOUR DATA?
We use the Personal Information for the following purposes:
(i) to inform you about our Offerings and to respond to your requests;(ii) To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other Website feature;(iii) for creation or development of business intelligence or data analytics in relation to the Offerings provided by us (for this purpose we may share the Personal Information with certain software or tools available online)(iv) to improve the Offerings;(v) to maintain and manage your account on our Website;(vi) to manage our relationship with you;(vii) to provide you information that we may believe may be of your interest;(viii) for internal record keeping; and(ix) to comply with our legal or statutory obligations.
Legal Basis (for people from the EU): We will not process your Personal Information without a lawful basis to do so. We will process your Personal Information only on the legal bases of consent [as provided in Art. 6 (1) (a) of the GDPR], contract [as provided in Art. 6 (1) (b) of the GDPR], or on the basis of our legitimate interests [as provided in Art. 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR], provided that such interests are not overridden by your privacy rights and interests.
4. WHO DO WE DISCLOSE YOUR DATA TO?
We do not sell, rent, share, distribute, lease or otherwise provide your Personal Information to third parties, without your prior consent. Keeping this in mind, we may disclose your Personal Information in the following cases:
• Service Providers: We may share your Personal Information with the service providers who work with us in connection with operating the Website and/ or providing the Offerings. All such service providers are subject to stringent confidentiality restrictions consistent with this Privacy Policy.
• Merger or Acquisition: We may transfer your Personal Information if we are acquired by another entity, or if we merge with another company or transfer a part of our business, including the Website, to a third party. Any such third party or resultant entity that receives your Personal Information shall have the right to continue to use your Personal Information in line with the purposes set out herein. In the event of such a sale or transfer, we may notify you.
• Legal and Regulatory Authorities: We may disclose your Personal Information in order to comply with our legal obligations/ court orders/ requests by Govt. authorities.
5. TRANSFER OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION ACROSS BORDERS (FOR EU RESIDENTS)
We have a presence through our sister concerns/ regional sales/ delivery centers in USA and India. The Personal Information we collect (of EU residents) might be processed outside the EU at a secure center located in the USA. We collect and transfer Personal Information outside the EU in accordance with EU data protection laws. We will ensure that any such transfers of Personal Information (outside the EU) will be in accordance with the GDPR. If you have questions, please contact us as indicated in the “CONTACT US” section that you will find at the end of the present Privacy Policy.
6. HOW LONG DO WE RETAIN YOUR DATA?
We will retain your Personal Information as long as it is required to be retained for the purpose of provision of the Offerings and to comply with our legal obligations. Subject to this section, we will try to delete your Personal Information upon reasonable written request for the same. Please note however, that there might be latency in deleting Personal Information from our servers. For more information on where and how long your Personal Information is stored, and for more information on your rights of erasure and portability, please contact [email protected].
7. OUR SECURITY MEASURES 
Your Personal Information is stored on the servers of our CRM service provider, located in the USA. Although we provide appropriate firewalls and protections, we cannot warrant the security of any Personal Information transmitted as these systems are not hack proof. Data pilferage due to unauthorized hacking, virus attacks, technical issues is possible, and we assume no liability or responsibility for it. You are required to be careful to avoid “phishing” scams, where someone may send you an e-mail that looks like it is from us asking for your personal information.
8. YOUR RIGHTS
You have the right to access your Personal Information in our possession, right to have us rectify or modify any such Personal Information, right to have us erase/delete your Personal Information, right to restrict us from processing such Personal Information, right to object to our use of your Personal Information. If you would like to exercise ANY of these rights, please contact [email protected] .If you are a resident of the EU, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a data protection authority.
9. LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
Our Website may contain links to other websites/applications of your interest. The Offerings may also include aspects or features which can be accessed through third party platforms. Please note that we do not have any control over such other websites/applications and you will be accessing these websites/applications at your own risk. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such websites/applications and those are not governed by this Privacy Policy. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy policy applicable to such websites/applications.
10. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
To the extent permissible under the law, we shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential or exemplary damages, including but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, goodwill, data, information, or other intangible losses (even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages), arising out of this Privacy Policy.
11. GOVERNING LAWS AND DISPUTES
This Privacy Policy shall be construed and governed by the laws of Connecticut, United States without regard to principles of conflict of laws. Any dispute arising, between you and us shall be submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in Connecticut, United States.
For any EU residents, this Privacy Policy shall be governed by the provisions of the GDPR.
12. CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. We shall provide you with an email notification indicating any material changes in the Privacy Policy. Additionally, you are encouraged to check this Privacy Policy on a regular basis to be aware of the changes made to it.
This Privacy Policy was last modified on June 2018.
13. CONTACT US
If you have any questions or concerns or grievances regarding this Privacy Policy, you can email us at our grievance email-address [email protected].
“I AGREE"
 








Contact Us




×

 




 








 



 





Solutions 



 Strategy & Consulting 



Business Research 



Business Development and Licensing 



Commercial 





Technologies 



PPM 



AI/ML 



Cloud 



Big Data 





Products 



Executive Dashboards 



Resource Management 



Competitive Intelligence 





About Us 



Blog 



Case Studies 



Contact Us 









© 2024 i2e Consulting. All Rights Reserved. 





Privacy Policy | Disclaimer 





 


Linkedin
 



Facebook
 



Instagram
 





















































