








Transform Life Science Project Management with i2e Consulting






































































 



















 
 








 
 
Technologies

Planisware Generative AI Project Online AI/ML SharePoint Cloud Big Data

Solutions

Strategy & Consulting

Strategic Portfolio Management R&D Portfolio Management Portfolio Decision Analytics Medical Affairs 
Business Research

Competitive Intelligence EWS Market Assessment 
Business Development & Licensing

Indication and Asset Prioritization Forecasting and Valuation Target Product Profile (TPP) & Partnering Package Preparation Partner Identification and Reach Out 
Commercial

Forecasting and Valuation BI Dashboards Marketing and Digital Services Market Access Sales Analytics 


About Us

About i2e Work at i2e Contact Us

Partners

Partners

Resource Center

Blog Case Studies Webinars Events & News

Planisware Exchange 24 


X
 











 


Project Portfolio Management is the heart and soul of a business.



How well are you managing it?

 Owing to the complexity of project management in the life sciences industry, it is crucial for the project managers to keep it all together.


 Life science projects cost millions of dollars and run for longer durations. Accurate decisions regarding priorities and allocations become pivotal for overall success, and digital PPM solutions can help a great deal.


Small and medium-sized biotech companies and large enterprises have different needs, and digital PPM solutions can accommodate both.



Smaller wins and bigger gains for the Biotech SMEs


Accurate project selection = projects aligned with strategic goals

Clear project visibility = informed decision making

Improved collaboration = on-time project delivery





Know more	


 

 


More than just digitalized Project Management for the Life Science Enterprise


Portfolio prioritization = execute the right project in the right time

Resource Management = Maximize allocation and align skillsets

Reports and analytics = portfolio wide visibility





Know more	

i2e Consulting has 15+ years of experience in helping global life sciences companies in adopting digital PPM solutions. Our premium partnerships with Planisware and Project Online helped us in delivering top-notch partnership services. Our team is also well-versed in data management, building dashboards, and providing consulting services for PPM process.

Get in Touch

i2e Consulting is a pharma focused IT service provider company  which is leading innovation in the industry. 


Explore opportunities and gain competitive advantage. 


 


 














First Name *



Last Name *



Company Email *



Phone number 



Message









Send Message


76904Δ







Contact Information





93 Shennecossett Rd, Suite # 104, Groton, CT 06340 




 +1(866) 968-9995





www.i2econsulting.com





 








Contact Us




×

 




 








 



 





Solutions 



 Strategy & Consulting 



Business Research 



Business Development and Licensing 



Commercial 





Technologies 



PPM 



AI/ML 



Cloud 



Big Data 





Products 



Executive Dashboards 



Resource Management 



Competitive Intelligence 





About Us 



Blog 



Case Studies 



Contact Us 









© 2024 i2e Consulting. All Rights Reserved. 





Privacy Policy | Disclaimer 





 


Linkedin
 



Facebook
 



Instagram
 



















































