








Project Online and Power BI- A Dynamic Duo for Making Reports That Matter. - i2e Consulting









































































 



















 
 








 
 
Technologies

Planisware Generative AI Project Online AI/ML SharePoint Cloud Big Data

Solutions

Strategy & Consulting

Strategic Portfolio Management R&D Portfolio Management Portfolio Decision Analytics Medical Affairs 
Business Research

Competitive Intelligence EWS Market Assessment 
Business Development & Licensing

Indication and Asset Prioritization Forecasting and Valuation Target Product Profile (TPP) & Partnering Package Preparation Partner Identification and Reach Out 
Commercial

Forecasting and Valuation BI Dashboards Marketing and Digital Services Market Access Sales Analytics 


About Us

About i2e Work at i2e Contact Us

Partners

Partners

Resource Center

Blog Case Studies Webinars Events & News

Planisware Exchange 24 


X
 




















 


Project Online and Power BI- A Dynamic Duo for Making Reports That Matter. - i2e Consulting                                

May 24, 2021                                

Is making reports taking up all your time? Or Are you still wondering the answers to questions such as ‘what is the project’s progress? Or ‘how much will this project cost the company after two years?’ then your business needs a digital makeover.  
Companies need applications that can quickly analyze huge data sets and come up with trends that can help in decision-making. This is where Project Online and Power BI come into play.  
In this blog, we will tell you about Microsoft Project Online and Power BI, and how they can become a game-changer for your business? These applications are powered by Microsoft, and i2e can help you with the implementation as well as migration of your existing projects. 
Are You Already Using Project Online? 
Along with being a magnificent project management application, Project Online is also a precious data source. Leverage it correctly and it can give a powerful start towards making meaningful reports. This is where Power BI can change the way you look at the data. 
But doesn’t Project Online come with a reporting module, then why should you integrate Power BI? This is a reasonable doubt, which many of our clients expressed. Read the next section to find out. 
Why Integrate Power BI to Project Online? 
Power BI is a reporting tool that can analyze data and convert it into meaningful metrics for the business. Yes, Project Online does generate reports, but if you need customized reports, along with actionable insights, and smart visuals, then Power BI is what you need. 
 Using Power BI, companies can do more than just creating reports, they can dig deep into the data and use the Machine Learning algorithm to predict trends. The best part is you can easily integrate Power BI to Project Online and eliminate the hassle of exporting data and manually generating reports. 
Integrating Power BI to Project Online will boost your reporting capabilities and help in smart decision-making. 
Power BI’s Components 
Using Power Q&A, you can create visuals by just typing in questions. For example, ‘who owns more projects,’ or ‘how many projects are owned per owner.’  Power BI has a Power query option which can structure your data. Once the data is structured, the Data Management Gateway refreshes the data periodically and the new data will follow the same format, saving you time and effort. Power BI also comes with a Quick Insights feature which can churn your data and create subsets to give you valuable insights. For example, it can give you visuals of which project might cost more, or which project can fall out company’s goals in the future. 
There are other components such as the Power View and the Power Map, the former comes with an easy drag-and-drop interface, and the latter is a 3D geospatial data visualization tool. Both these tools help in creating superior reports. 
Along with creating impeccable reports, Power BI can accumulate data from various data sources, create visuals and share across global data centers. This helps companies to meet their compliance and regulatory needs. 
Power BI- The Game Changer 
Fetch data from various cloud services – helps you in making consolidated reports.  Build smart dashboards- gives a holistic view of the business empowering teams to make informed decisions. Ask questions and get real-time answers- gives answers in the form of a graph or chart for quicker understanding. Scan hidden insights in seconds- never miss out any data or trend which can be helpful for the business. Secured live access from any device- easy to access through Power BI mobile apps. 
If you are looking for a way to make smarter reports, then it is time to adopt artificial intelligence tools that can pull data and allow you to visualize in your own way. 
If you need assistance in implementing Project Online and Power BI, give us a call. Our team of experts will understand your requirements and provide you with the right solution. 


Tags: Power BI Report, Power BI Solutions, Project Management, Project online 












     Prev Post 

Next Post       







You might also like







Common Resource Allocation Challenges and How Digital PPM Solutions can Solve them                                    








Mastering Enterprise Project Portfolio Management: The Planisware Enterprise Advantage                                     








Why Planisware Orchestra is a one-stop solution for SMEs in Project Portfolio Management?                                    








Organizing data for Portfolio Decision Making                                    








Why You Should Use PPM (Project Portfolio Management) Software for Project Collaboration                                    








Resource Management Made Easy with Microsoft Project Online                                    








Planisware Orchestra and its role in New Product Development (NPD), from Strategy to execution                                    








6 Project Management Tasks and How You Can Manage Them Using Planisware.                                    




















Contact Us




×

 




 








 



 





Solutions 



 Strategy & Consulting 



Business Research 



Business Development and Licensing 



Commercial 





Technologies 



PPM 



AI/ML 



Cloud 



Big Data 





Products 



Executive Dashboards 



Resource Management 



Competitive Intelligence 





About Us 



Blog 



Case Studies 



Contact Us 









© 2024 i2e Consulting. All Rights Reserved. 





Privacy Policy | Disclaimer 





 


Linkedin
 



Facebook
 



Instagram
 

























































