








Project Online Webinar series- A comprehensive guide to Microsoft Project Online - i2e Consulting

































































 



















 
 








 
 
Technologies

Planisware Generative AI Project Online AI/ML SharePoint Cloud Big Data

Solutions

Strategy & Consulting

Strategic Portfolio Management R&D Portfolio Management Portfolio Decision Analytics Medical Affairs 
Business Research

Competitive Intelligence EWS Market Assessment 
Business Development & Licensing

Indication and Asset Prioritization Forecasting and Valuation Target Product Profile (TPP) & Partnering Package Preparation Partner Identification and Reach Out 
Commercial

Forecasting and Valuation BI Dashboards Marketing and Digital Services Market Access Sales Analytics 


About Us

About i2e Work at i2e Contact Us

Partners

Partners

Resource Center

Blog Case Studies Webinars Events & News

Planisware Exchange 24 


X
 












Project Online Webinar series-
A comprehensive guide to
Microsoft Project Online Part 1 to 5



TOPIC
VIDEO LINK



 Getting started with Project Online

Watch


 Basics of project scheduling and critical
path
Watch


 Tackling large projects with Project Online

Watch


 Resource management using Project Online

Watch


 Best practices to accurate baselinig of
projects
Watch

In this webinar you will learn 


How to get started with Project Online 

Project scheduling and critical path

Managing large projects with Project Online 

Resource management 

How to accurate baselining of projects  

Who should attend?


Project managers, project coordinators, PMOs, professionals looking to understand Project Online, project management leads, head of projects. 
About i2e 

i2e Consulting is Microsoft Gold and a Planisware Partner with Project and Portfolio Management competence. We have 13 years of experience in consultation, implementation, customization, support, and migration of Microsoft Project Online and other PPM solutions. Speaker: 


Himanshu Arora

Project Online Specialist

About Himanshu



Himanshu is a Project Online specialist and lead at i2e Consulting. Himanshu’s domain expertise includes Project Online, Microsoft PPM technologies, enterprise resource management and PMOs. He helped global organizations to develop and implement Project Online. 







Introducing i2eTechtalk- A webinar series focused on information and education. Through this series, we will bring you first-hand information about technology from experts in the industry. Join our webinars and keep yourself updated and informed. 


 








Contact Us




×

 




 








 



 





Solutions 



 Strategy & Consulting 



Business Research 



Business Development and Licensing 



Commercial 





Technologies 



PPM 



AI/ML 



Cloud 



Big Data 





Products 



Executive Dashboards 



Resource Management 



Competitive Intelligence 





About Us 



Blog 



Case Studies 



Contact Us 









© 2024 i2e Consulting. All Rights Reserved. 





Privacy Policy | Disclaimer 





 


Linkedin
 



Facebook
 



Instagram
 





















































