








Smart Project Management with Project Online and Power BI - i2e Consulting

































































 



















 
 








 
 
Technologies

Planisware Generative AI Project Online AI/ML SharePoint Cloud Big Data

Solutions

Strategy & Consulting

Strategic Portfolio Management R&D Portfolio Management Portfolio Decision Analytics Medical Affairs 
Business Research

Competitive Intelligence EWS Market Assessment 
Business Development & Licensing

Indication and Asset Prioritization Forecasting and Valuation Target Product Profile (TPP) & Partnering Package Preparation Partner Identification and Reach Out 
Commercial

Forecasting and Valuation BI Dashboards Marketing and Digital Services Market Access Sales Analytics 


About Us

About i2e Work at i2e Contact Us

Partners

Partners

Resource Center

Blog Case Studies Webinars Events & News

Planisware Exchange 24 


X
 












Smart Project Management with Project Online and Power BI

Date: 27th January, 2022    Time: 11:00 AM EST 
Apart from being a powerful PPM solution, Project Online is a repository of valuable project data. Connect it with Power BI and you can unlock a world of possibilities.

This webinar will tell you how and why you should go for Project Online and Power BI. 
Speaker

Himanshu Arora 
Project Online Specialist
Discussion Panel

Vivek Kadam
Sr. Sales Manager
In this webinar you will learn: 



Overview of Project Online and Power BI
Limitations in Project Online Reporting
Integration of Project Online and power BI
A holistic view of PPM with Project Online and Power BI 
Watch NowAbout Himanshu

Himanshu is a Project Online specialist and lead at i2e Consulting. Himanshu’s domain expertise includes Project Online, Microsoft PPM technologies, enterprise resource management and PMOs. He helped global organizations to develop and implement Project Online. About i2e

i2e Consulting is Microsoft Gold Partner with PPM competence. We have 13 years of experience in consultation, implementation, customization, support, and migration of Microsoft Project Online and other PPM solutions.







Introducing i2e Tech Talk, a webinar series by professionals on latest in technology, best practices, breakthrough products, and more. Broaden your horizons, learn something new.

 








Contact Us




×

 




 








 



 





Solutions 



 Strategy & Consulting 



Business Research 



Business Development and Licensing 



Commercial 





Technologies 



PPM 



AI/ML 



Cloud 



Big Data 





Products 



Executive Dashboards 



Resource Management 



Competitive Intelligence 





About Us 



Blog 



Case Studies 



Contact Us 









© 2024 i2e Consulting. All Rights Reserved. 





Privacy Policy | Disclaimer 





 


Linkedin
 



Facebook
 



Instagram
 





















































