








Remote work with Windows Virtual Desktop in times of COVID-19









































































 



















 
 








 
 
Technologies

Planisware Generative AI Project Online AI/ML SharePoint Cloud Big Data

Solutions

Strategy & Consulting

Strategic Portfolio Management R&D Portfolio Management Portfolio Decision Analytics Medical Affairs 
Business Research

Competitive Intelligence EWS Market Assessment 
Business Development & Licensing

Indication and Asset Prioritization Forecasting and Valuation Target Product Profile (TPP) & Partnering Package Preparation Partner Identification and Reach Out 
Commercial

Forecasting and Valuation BI Dashboards Marketing and Digital Services Market Access Sales Analytics 


About Us

About i2e Work at i2e Contact Us

Partners

Partners

Resource Center

Blog Case Studies Webinars Events & News

Planisware Exchange 24 


X
 




















 


Remote work with Windows Virtual Desktop in times of COVID-19                                

April 8, 2020                                

COVID-19 situation has forced many companies to allow their employees to work from home. Things are working great for most companies with the remote work culture. However, there are many companies that are still struggling.  
It is the first time in our life that we are being tested for a global pandemic and struggling to get things going. Things are working great for small tech companies with remote work culture; however, most companies are not used to getting their entire workforce to work remotely. VPN  concentrators have limitations, then there are unanticipated licensing impacts, applications may not behave as expected because of firewalls or slower response time, then there are operational issues like the sudden surge in the number of IT tickets, delayed work etc.  
In times of COVID-19, Windows Virtual Desktop can be your go-to response plan. 
A  virtual desktop is a hosted desktop service. In other words, with proper credentials you can access your desktop environment (files,  folders, apps, etc.) from any device, anywhere. It is a service that separates the operating system from the hardware. Cannot leave home, no worries; access data and apps from your home mobile or PC as if you were using your office computer. 
What is Windows Virtual Desktop? 
Windows Virtual Desktop (WVD) is a comprehensive desktop and app virtualization service running in Azure. It is the only virtual desktop infrastructure (VDI) that delivers simplified management, multi-session Windows 10, optimizations for Office 365 ProPlus, and support for Remote Desktop Services (RDS) environments. A  person can easily connect with the Windows Desktop within minutes based on their profile though Windows Desktop, Web, Android, macOS or iOS clients. The best part, security is top-notch and corporate data is as safe as ever. 
Virtualization address a broad range of your business needs. It takes care of security and compliance in sectors such as healthcare, government, finance. You can have an organized flexible workforce in addition to continuing specialized workloads such as design, engineering, legacy apps etc. 
Let us discuss some of the benefits and features offered by the Windows Virtual Desktop (WVD) 
Enhanced Security: Corporate data protection and compliance is paramount in remote work set-up. The WVD blends the security convergence of the Microsoft eco-system. (Microsoft 365, Azure, Windows Virtual Desktop). With features such as, reverse connect, Azure AD (Active Directory) authentication, AD-joined virtual machines, you will love the security offered by Windows Virtual desktop. WVD is linked with Microsoft 365 Security features, including conditional access, multi-factor authentication, role-based access. All of these exists within the Microsoft Azure, the most secure and compliant cloud platform. In short, security is top-notch.  
Flexible and scalable pricing: You have the flexibility of selecting deployment options as per your requirements. Just pay for the Azure virtual machines and storage consumed.  
Estimate end-user experience: One of the common concerns with remote access is the end user experience. Apps are sensitive to slow response times etc. However, WVD recommends Azure regions, bandwidth requirements, and your connection health reports.   
In conclusion, I would like to say that Windows Virtual Desktop offers significant cost savings, is efficient with simplified management, and its enhanced security makes it one of the most practical options in these times. Organizations can quickly enable and test virtual desktop deployment for COVID-19 response plan.  


Tags: Azure Virtual Machines, Azure Windows Virtual Desktop, VDI, virtual desktop infrastructure, Windows virtual desktop, WVD 












     Prev Post 

Next Post       







You might also like







Is Your Data Ready for Generative AI: A Guide for Life Sciences Organizations                                      








Change Management- What is it? And Why Should Project Managers Understand and Own it                                     








A Pharma Success Story: How a Generative AI Chatbot Helped in Driving Swift Query Resolution in Clinical Trials                                     








What is Generative AI & How Can Life Sciences Organizations Benefit from it                                     








Common Resource Allocation Challenges and How Digital PPM Solutions can Solve them                                    








Mastering Enterprise Project Portfolio Management: The Planisware Enterprise Advantage                                     








Why Planisware Orchestra is a one-stop solution for SMEs in Project Portfolio Management?                                    








Enhancing Sales and Marketing Collaborations with SharePoint and AI                                     




















Contact Us




×

 




 








 



 





Solutions 



 Strategy & Consulting 



Business Research 



Business Development and Licensing 



Commercial 





Technologies 



PPM 



AI/ML 



Cloud 



Big Data 





Products 



Executive Dashboards 



Resource Management 



Competitive Intelligence 





About Us 



Blog 



Case Studies 



Contact Us 









© 2024 i2e Consulting. All Rights Reserved. 





Privacy Policy | Disclaimer 





 


Linkedin
 



Facebook
 



Instagram
 

























































