








RPA Life Sciences Solution | RPA Consulting Services | RPA Solutions


































































 



















 
 








 
 
Technologies

Planisware Generative AI Project Online AI/ML SharePoint Cloud Big Data

Solutions

Strategy & Consulting

Strategic Portfolio Management R&D Portfolio Management Portfolio Decision Analytics Medical Affairs 
Business Research

Competitive Intelligence EWS Market Assessment 
Business Development & Licensing

Indication and Asset Prioritization Forecasting and Valuation Target Product Profile (TPP) & Partnering Package Preparation Partner Identification and Reach Out 
Commercial

Forecasting and Valuation BI Dashboards Marketing and Digital Services Market Access Sales Analytics 


About Us

About i2e Work at i2e Contact Us

Partners

Partners

Resource Center

Blog Case Studies Webinars Events & News

Planisware Exchange 24 


X
 












RPA in Life Science

Organization’s looking to improve processing time, maintain compliance and streamline processes in general should invest in Robotic Process Automation (RPA). Its use is not limited to process areas such as R&D, Regulatory, Manufacturing; they can implement it to non-process areas like Finance, Supply Chain, Marketing.   
 


Explore RPA Possibilities to Gain Competitive Advantage 


 


Accurate Pharmacovigilance

Build RPA bots to automate date entry, compilation and sorting of drugs. Increases efficiency and takes the burden off the ever-growing individual case safety reports.  

 


Improved Regulatory Compliance

Add value to compliance with enterprise RPA.  Adopt robotic software to log files and storage rules that integrate different business processes. Reap operational benefits and close the business process automation coverage gaps left by systems like ERP and BPM. 

 


Faster Research and Development

Eliminate manual handling of data in R&D of vital drug. Add precision to pharma R&D and execute with minimal variation with RPA. On an average, RPA can decrease the time spent on each operation by 70% and the number of mistakes by 99%.  

 


Safer Clinical Trials

    Implement RPA bots for effective virtual interaction to gather potential subject information and designate qualified subjects for clinical trials. Significant success in patient screening is proving vital for drug releases.  

 


Quality and Manufacturing

Get real-time access to Big data with strategic use of data and analytics. Analytic data processing and recording offers significant advantages over traditional approaches in both quality and manufacturing.  

 


Effective SAP Integration

 Reduce cost of operations, increase productivity and efficiency by automating labor-intensive tasks by integrating RPA with SAP and other ERP systems. Automate, data entry, data mining, identify and flag exceptions, or monitor communications.  

 


Modern Supply Chain

    Transform logistics with an RPA driven end-to-end supply chain. Manage orders, freight, inventory 5-10 times faster with 37% less resources. Say, yes to optimized operations at reduced cost.  


Launch Your RPA journey Today with our 4-step Approach 

RPA offers Life Science companies to pursue growth opportunities without additional back-end staff. We at i2e Consulting help organization transition from human labor to RPA while laying grounds for cognitive capabilities in the future. Automate business processes, bring ideas to life and lead your way to Pharma Revolution 4.0 

 




Assessment



Readiness Survey 
Risk Identification 
 Process Mapping 


 




Consultation



 Right tools and solution 
 Vendor insights 
 Short- and long-term goals 


 


 


 




Planning



Case Study 
Roadmap 
Architecture  
Governance 
Change management 


 




Implementation



Configure 
Test
Activation  
Training 
Support 


 


 








Contact Us




×

 




 








 



 





Solutions 



 Strategy & Consulting 



Business Research 



Business Development and Licensing 



Commercial 





Technologies 



PPM 



AI/ML 



Cloud 



Big Data 





Products 



Executive Dashboards 



Resource Management 



Competitive Intelligence 





About Us 



Blog 



Case Studies 



Contact Us 









© 2024 i2e Consulting. All Rights Reserved. 





Privacy Policy | Disclaimer 





 


Linkedin
 



Facebook
 



Instagram
 





















































