








RPA Strategy | Implemataion | RPA Consulting & Solutions














































































 



















 
 








 
 
Technologies

Planisware Generative AI Project Online AI/ML SharePoint Cloud Big Data

Solutions

Strategy & Consulting

Strategic Portfolio Management R&D Portfolio Management Portfolio Decision Analytics Medical Affairs 
Business Research

Competitive Intelligence EWS Market Assessment 
Business Development & Licensing

Indication and Asset Prioritization Forecasting and Valuation Target Product Profile (TPP) & Partnering Package Preparation Partner Identification and Reach Out 
Commercial

Forecasting and Valuation BI Dashboards Marketing and Digital Services Market Access Sales Analytics 


About Us

About i2e Work at i2e Contact Us

Partners

Partners

Resource Center

Blog Case Studies Webinars Events & News

Planisware Exchange 24 


X
 




















 


RPA Strategy | Implemataion | RPA Consulting & Solutions                                

May 21, 2020                                

Robotic Process Automation or RPA has the potential to reduce the cost of manual operations, improve services while increasing your return on investment (ROI). Anything with such immense capabilities of business transformation can never be restricted to IT. Of course, IT will play a crucial role in implementation and support, but it is a shift in mind-set and business-led initiative or approach.  
RPA is not an IT-led initiative, stop treating it like one.  
What can RPA achieve, and what it cannot? 
Before we dig deeper into strategies, let’s get some clarity on what RPA can and what RPA cannot. Here is an image from the Deloitte global robotics survey report, 2018. This picture quite precisely explains RPA capabilities. 

As you can see, RPA at least in the current form is not going to take up jobs. Automation anxiety is as valid today as it was in the industrial revolution days. What we need to understand is that automation is not going to be an alternative to humans, it will be an additional workforce which will help us work faster and concentrate on things more important. It is essentially a technology for the people by the people. RPA promises many things, all for the better; however, it will cause major disruption. The need for change management and skilling up to run those processes cannot be overlooked.
RPA and Life Science 
RPA implementation is not a straightforward process. However, going by current trends in Life Sciences, longer research and development timelines, stringent regulatory and unmet patient needs, etc. RPA appears more of a necessity than choice. Besides, most companies are already using automation certain capacity (Six Sigma processes, SaaS). A proper RPA implementation could only mean bringing it all together and augmenting the digital workforce to the existing human workforce.  
The right strategy is what stands between a successful implementation and a failed one. We at i2e Consulting propose our clients to move with utter caution before going ahead with RPA implementation.

 RPA Implementation Strategy  
Assessment  
Conduct a readiness survey. Existing automation investments, IT infrastructure, challenges, and risks, etc. Once, you are pass the discovery phase, shift focus to the right processes for RPA. Ideally, companies should target low or medium complexity processes (with a minimum of 0.5 FTE savings, but preferably more) and then grow the portfolio of processes gradually.  
Caution: Targeting RPA at wrong processes can cause significant automation cost 
Business Plan 
Build your business case, what pain areas are being addressed, what metrices should determine the returns, benefits from RPA implementation. This is also the stage where you should determine your operating model and lay the foundation for the RPA Centre of Excellence (CoE). 
Caution: Do not wait for a Proof of Concept (PoC) or pilot to have a business plan, this could create a substantial gap between a successful PoC and large- scale production automation. 
Vendor Insights 
The RPA space is flooded with vendors. It is important to find a vendor whose tools and solutions meet the organization’s requirements. Get in-depth market research, pricing, and check which vendor caters to your requirements. It is ideal to consider partnering with a couple of key vendors to develop customized Life Sciences solutions.  
Cation: Be thorough in your investigation, seek input from all stakeholders 
Roadmap 
The first critical step towards RPA realization, it involves detailed planning, quantitative and qualitative benefits of the business model. This is the stage where you involve a pilot program or PoCs (its stages, run time), training, the strategy of scale, architecture, a roadmap for the implementation. It is also the stage to sanction governance and change management. 
Caution: Never assume the skills required for a PoC is good enough for production automation.  
Once the roadmap is completed, you can go ahead with the implementation and the next steps.  
In conclusion, I would like to add that technology innovation is key to the future of Life Science. RPA implementation is not easy; however, with the right approach, proper planning, and necessary training companies can leverage RPA capabilities. Gain operational efficiency and maximize ROI with Robotic Process Automation. 
If you are looking for an RPA consultation or solution, feel free to connect.  
Reference:
Link 1


Tags: Deloitte global robotics survey, RPA, RPA Benefit, RPA capabilities, RPA in Pharmaceuticals, RPA Life Sciences Solutions, RPA Solutions, RPA Strategy, RPA Strategy and Approch 












     Prev Post 

Next Post       







You might also like







RPA is the Future of Clinical Trials                                    








Make Supply Chains Smarter with Robotic Process Automation                                    








Microsoft adds RPA to its list of services with Power Automate                                    








Robotic Process Automation in pharmaceuticals                                    








Is Your Data Ready for Generative AI: A Guide for Life Sciences Organizations                                      








Change Management- What is it? And Why Should Project Managers Understand and Own it                                     








A Pharma Success Story: How a Generative AI Chatbot Helped in Driving Swift Query Resolution in Clinical Trials                                     








What is Generative AI & How Can Life Sciences Organizations Benefit from it                                     




















Contact Us




×

 




 








 



 





Solutions 



 Strategy & Consulting 



Business Research 



Business Development and Licensing 



Commercial 





Technologies 



PPM 



AI/ML 



Cloud 



Big Data 





Products 



Executive Dashboards 



Resource Management 



Competitive Intelligence 





About Us 



Blog 



Case Studies 



Contact Us 









© 2024 i2e Consulting. All Rights Reserved. 





Privacy Policy | Disclaimer 





 


Linkedin
 



Facebook
 



Instagram
 






















































