








Strategic TPP and Partnering Packages for Pharma Growth





































































 



















 
 








 
 
Technologies

Planisware Generative AI Project Online AI/ML SharePoint Cloud Big Data

Solutions

Strategy & Consulting

Strategic Portfolio Management R&D Portfolio Management Portfolio Decision Analytics Medical Affairs 
Business Research

Competitive Intelligence EWS Market Assessment 
Business Development & Licensing

Indication and Asset Prioritization Forecasting and Valuation Target Product Profile (TPP) & Partnering Package Preparation Partner Identification and Reach Out 
Commercial

Forecasting and Valuation BI Dashboards Marketing and Digital Services Market Access Sales Analytics 


About Us

About i2e Work at i2e Contact Us

Partners

Partners

Resource Center

Blog Case Studies Webinars Events & News

Planisware Exchange 24 


X
 
















Target Product Profile (TPP) & Partnering Package Preparation  



Unlock asset potential andconvey differentiation throughanalytics-powered TPPs.  



Navigating success through innovation and industry expertise. 








 






 An integrated and cross-functionally developed Target Product Profile (TPP) facilitates strategic product go/no-go decision making along the development pathway at the different stage gates, minimizes risk, and improves contingency planning. Our TPP offering enables business development teams to optimize TPPs to articulate clinical value, enhance asset positioning, and align to strategic needs.  








01 



Evaluation 



Leveraging real-world data on disease burden, treatment dynamics, and unmet needs, we identify differentiated clinical endpoints and study designs to highlight your asset’s advantages. Analyzing prescriber, patient, and payer perspectives, we define a minimum viable product profile and commercial recommendations to convey market attractiveness. 









02 



Preparation 



Modeling and forecasting of the competitive landscape informs required features to support favorable access and adoption. By quantifying the incremental value of potential indications, we advise expansion opportunities beyond initial targets.  









03 



Presentation 



With our data-driven approach to TPP development, you can precisely convey the clinical and commercial potential of assets to potential partners or acquirers. We help you to align proposed targets to corporate strategy while strengthening negotiating leverage. Our insights de-risk asset evaluation while speaking directly to stakeholder needs and constraints. Let our analytics inform compelling, optimized TPPs that position you for deal success.   

























Contact Us




×

 




 








 



 





Solutions 



Strategy & Consulting 



Business Research 



Business Development and Licensing 



Commercial 





Technologies 



PPM 



AI/ML 



Cloud 



Big Data 





Products 



Executive Dashboards 



Resource Management 



Competitive Intelligence 





About Us 



Blog 



Case Studies 



Contact Us 









© 2024 i2e Consulting. All Rights Reserved. 





Privacy Policy | Disclaimer 





 


Linkedin
 



Facebook
 



Instagram
 
















































