








Dataiku -Planisware connector | Data analytics and Visualization in Life Sciences Industry


































































 



















 
 








 
 
Technologies

Planisware Generative AI Project Online AI/ML SharePoint Cloud Big Data

Solutions

Strategy & Consulting

Strategic Portfolio Management R&D Portfolio Management Portfolio Decision Analytics Medical Affairs 
Business Research

Competitive Intelligence EWS Market Assessment 
Business Development & Licensing

Indication and Asset Prioritization Forecasting and Valuation Target Product Profile (TPP) & Partnering Package Preparation Partner Identification and Reach Out 
Commercial

Forecasting and Valuation BI Dashboards Marketing and Digital Services Market Access Sales Analytics 


About Us

About i2e Work at i2e Contact Us

Partners

Partners

Resource Center

Blog Case Studies Webinars Events & News

Planisware Exchange 24 


X
 












Unlock the power of AI in life sciences with our Dataiku Partnership services

We partnered with Dataiku to help global life science businesses leverage AI and ML in data management and advanced analytics.
Know More

 

 


OUR WORK WITH DATAIKU 


 

 


Drug Transfer Recommendations

Developed and trained an ML-powered algorithm which can predict future demand of the drug dosages at the regional depots taking into consideration complex influencing factors such as subject visitations, enrollments, inventory availability. The algorithm is also trained to predict the most optimal transportation route based on the expiry date of the drug. Thus, saving time and cost escalations. 

 

 


Risk Predictions for Clinical Trials 

A machine learning algorithm has been expertly trained to analyze extensive historical clinical trial data, enabling the prediction of the likelihood of significant quality events (SQEs) in both new and established protocols.  

 

 

 


Early Warning System

An NLP-powered solution that delivers the most trusted market insights to subject matter experts (SMEs) by meticulously sorting and filtering research papers. This solution is designed for agility, providing not only primary results but also secondary and tertiary search outcomes, ensuring precision in predictions.

 


Business Intelligence & Analytics

Developing analytics pipeline from extracting business and project data from platforms like Planisware, Salesforce, SharePoint, etc., to delivering real-time insights through metrics dashboards using data visualization tools such as Power BI, Spotfire, Tableau, and more. 

 


METRICS OUR SOLUTIONS DELIVERED


 
Reduction in thereoccurrence of SQEs

 
Increase in clinical trialefficiency

 
Reduction inresearch time

 
Reduction in delays indrug transfer recommendation


OUR APPROACH


 
Understand thebusiness problem

 
Identify the best possible solution aligning with the business goals

 
Develop and deployDataiku’s advancedAI/ML algorithms.
Being a premium Dataiku partner allowed us to provide cutting-edge solutions that help our clients stay ahead of the competition. Our expertise in Dataiku’s advanced machine learning algorithms enabled us to develop solutions for our client partners that deliver tangible business outcomes, resulting in increased efficiency, reduced risk, and cost savings.


Dataiku Planisware Connector

Using Planisware? our connector can get your project data from Planisware into Dataiku for quicker analysis and visualization.

 
Have questions? Our experts are here to answer.
C O N T A C T   U S
 








Contact Us




×

 




 








 



 





Solutions 



 Strategy & Consulting 



Business Research 



Business Development and Licensing 



Commercial 





Technologies 



PPM 



AI/ML 



Cloud 



Big Data 





Products 



Executive Dashboards 



Resource Management 



Competitive Intelligence 





About Us 



Blog 



Case Studies 



Contact Us 









© 2024 i2e Consulting. All Rights Reserved. 





Privacy Policy | Disclaimer 





 


Linkedin
 



Facebook
 



Instagram
 





















































