








Top 4 Cloud Migration Benefits | Cloud infrastucture Services










































































 



















 
 








 
 
Technologies

Planisware Generative AI Project Online AI/ML SharePoint Cloud Big Data

Solutions

Strategy & Consulting

Strategic Portfolio Management R&D Portfolio Management Portfolio Decision Analytics Medical Affairs 
Business Research

Competitive Intelligence EWS Market Assessment 
Business Development & Licensing

Indication and Asset Prioritization Forecasting and Valuation Target Product Profile (TPP) & Partnering Package Preparation Partner Identification and Reach Out 
Commercial

Forecasting and Valuation BI Dashboards Marketing and Digital Services Market Access Sales Analytics 


About Us

About i2e Work at i2e Contact Us

Partners

Partners

Resource Center

Blog Case Studies Webinars Events & News

Planisware Exchange 24 


X
 




















 


Top 4 Cloud Migration Benefits | Cloud infrastucture Services                                

April 23, 2020                                

Benefits of Cloud Migration 
Reduced Cost – A cloud-based solution would cost almost 40 – 45% less than a traditional on-premise solution. Cloud systems eliminate the headache of regular maintenance and upgradation. Scalable and Agile –  It is an on-demand, pay as you go model. Companies pay only for the service that they are using. Cloud applications can be upscaled or downscaled as per requirement, and there is no extra pay for any unwanted services. This converts the CAPEX investment to an OPEX  investment for companies Better Security –  Cloud solutions provide better compliance and improved security. It includes both the physical security of the infrastructure as well as the virtual security of your data. There are specific access control mechanisms to limit data access for users. Availability and Flexibility –  Cloud-based solutions can be access anytime from anywhere.  Decentralized database systems ensure that users can access data remotely from any part of the world. 
Cloud services offer enormous benefits. Companies are moving to the online cloud platforms provided by Azure, AWS, or Google Cloud.  Accelerate your cloud journey with Cloud migration. 
Cloud Migration Methods 
Cloud migration depends on the cloud model adopted by a company. Cloud service providers multiple solutions, namely, Iaas, Paas, and Saas. 
Iaas –  In Infrastructure as a Service, it means shifting the applications from on-premise infrastructure to the one provided by the cloud service provider. It is the most straightforward cloud migration model involving minimal changes. This migration model is called the ‘Lift and Shift’  model. There is no change in the architecture in this migration model.  
Paas – Platform as a Service is where you run your code on the platform provided to you. It involves significant changes as you have to remodel your code to the new platform. It includes code changes,  deployment rules modification, and library updates to adapt to the new framework. 
SaaS – Software as a Service sees a complete change in the application architecture of your systems. Here you have to run your code on entirely new software. This migration involves complicated changes like architectural changes, building new interfaces,  complex data migration, providing roles and responsibilities to users,  and training your team to use the new software. 



Tags: azure cloud migration, azure lift and shift migration, Benefits of Azure Cloud Migration, Benefits of Cloud Migration, Cloud Migration Methods, Lift and Shift Migration Benefits Pharma Industry 












     Prev Post 

Next Post       







You might also like







Is There a Need for Digital Innovation for SMB Pharma?                                    








Building Modern Workplaces with Microsoft 365                                    








Transform Your Business With The Azure ‘Lift And Shift’ Model                                    








Application Migration and Modernization with Azure                                    








Modernize your infrastructure and future-proof  your technology                                    








Latest trends in Microsoft Teams administration                                    








Microsoft Project for the Web is here!                                    








How to collaborate better with Microsoft Teams and SharePoint?                                    




















Contact Us




×

 




 








 



 





Solutions 



 Strategy & Consulting 



Business Research 



Business Development and Licensing 



Commercial 





Technologies 



PPM 



AI/ML 



Cloud 



Big Data 





Products 



Executive Dashboards 



Resource Management 



Competitive Intelligence 





About Us 



Blog 



Case Studies 



Contact Us 









© 2024 i2e Consulting. All Rights Reserved. 





Privacy Policy | Disclaimer 





 


Linkedin
 



Facebook
 



Instagram
 

























































