








Transform Your Business With The Azure ‘Lift And Shift’ Model










































































 



















 
 








 
 
Technologies

Planisware Generative AI Project Online AI/ML SharePoint Cloud Big Data

Solutions

Strategy & Consulting

Strategic Portfolio Management R&D Portfolio Management Portfolio Decision Analytics Medical Affairs 
Business Research

Competitive Intelligence EWS Market Assessment 
Business Development & Licensing

Indication and Asset Prioritization Forecasting and Valuation Target Product Profile (TPP) & Partnering Package Preparation Partner Identification and Reach Out 
Commercial

Forecasting and Valuation BI Dashboards Marketing and Digital Services Market Access Sales Analytics 


About Us

About i2e Work at i2e Contact Us

Partners

Partners

Resource Center

Blog Case Studies Webinars Events & News

Planisware Exchange 24 


X
 




















 


Transform Your Business With The Azure ‘Lift And Shift’ Model                                

April 21, 2020                                

Migrating to the cloud platform is no longer an option; it has become a  necessity. More and more organizations and companies are migrating to cloud-based, pay as you go model to increase scalability and agility.  Cloud-based services completely transform the IT environment of an organization. Today cloud services are not limited to the traditional compute, network, and storage services. Instead, they include security,  automation, artificial intelligence, machine learning, virtual, and augmented reality. 
One of the sectors which have been a tad bit slow in adopting the cloud model is the pharma industry. But lately, we are witnessing a shift in the gears as we see more and more pharma companies realize the benefits of cloud services. This industry involves a lot of data and complexities associated with it. Keeping limitations of the existing on-premise services in mind,  pharma companies are shifting to the cloud-based model. There are different cloud migration models. The easiest and safest model being the  Lift and Shift approach.  
Lift and Shift Migration 
It is the easiest migration model. Another name for this model is  ‘rehosting‘, as the migration involves no change with the application architecture and minimal changes to the application code. It is merely lifting your application from the on-premise system and transferring it to the cloud systems. No doubt, lift and shift services like Azure migration services offer multiple benefits – 
No changes to your application code or architecture There is no disruption of service during the migration Simple security and compliance management systems It is the fastest and the most cost-effective solution No change in the existing business processes (AS-IS processes) after cloud migration 
Now that you have realized the simplicity and benefits of this migration model let us understand the planning and execution part. 
Planning & Execution 
The planning process involves three essential steps 
To gain the maximum benefits of cloud migration, you need to relate it to your business success. Identify the applications which need innovation,  critical business drivers, and growth opportunities. At the same time,  understand the competitive landscape and then determine which applications need cloud migration. You have to create the best application architecture for you. Pharma companies would prefer to keep vital customer data on a virtual private cloud while regulated data on a public cloud. Define a roadmap for the cloud transformation journey. It would ensure that there is no or minimal disruption of business during the cloud migration process. 
Finally,  before you execute the lift and shift method, there are certain things to be kept in mind to ensure a smooth and successful migration. 
Determine the application that you want to migrate to the cloud model.  Accordingly, you need to set access levels and data access roles. Carefully configure the interface connections to ensure there is no disruption in operations. In case of migration of multiple applications, you can opt for a batch model where an automatic runbook would take care of the migration one by one. Ensure that all the security and data compliances are in place. Though there is no change in this migration yet, you must test them before you go live on the cloud. Keep adding or reducing the computing power and storage capacity as per your need. 
Cloud migration is the need of the hour in the pharma industry. The most important part of this journey is the migration model. The Lift and Shift model is not only fast and easy but also simple and effective.  At the same time, you must use the right tools for cloud migration. If you are considering a cloud migration, then check out the Azure Lift and Shift model today. 


Tags: azure cloud migration, azure cloud migration benefits, azure lift and shift migration, azure lift and shift migration in pharma, benefit of cloud migration, cloud migration, cloud migration in pharmaceuticals, lift and shift migration 












     Prev Post 

Next Post       







You might also like







Is There a Need for Digital Innovation for SMB Pharma?                                    








Building Modern Workplaces with Microsoft 365                                    








Top 4 cloud migration benefits and infrastructure services                                    








Application Migration and Modernization with Azure                                    








Modernize your infrastructure and future-proof  your technology                                    








Latest trends in Microsoft Teams administration                                    








Microsoft Project for the Web is here!                                    








How to collaborate better with Microsoft Teams and SharePoint?                                    




















Contact Us




×

 




 








 



 





Solutions 



 Strategy & Consulting 



Business Research 



Business Development and Licensing 



Commercial 





Technologies 



PPM 



AI/ML 



Cloud 



Big Data 





Products 



Executive Dashboards 



Resource Management 



Competitive Intelligence 





About Us 



Blog 



Case Studies 



Contact Us 









© 2024 i2e Consulting. All Rights Reserved. 





Privacy Policy | Disclaimer 





 


Linkedin
 



Facebook
 



Instagram
 

























































