








Why Organizations should use SharePoint for Document Management System - i2e Consulting










































































 



















 
 








 
 
Technologies

Planisware Generative AI Project Online AI/ML SharePoint Cloud Big Data

Solutions

Strategy & Consulting

Strategic Portfolio Management R&D Portfolio Management Portfolio Decision Analytics Medical Affairs 
Business Research

Competitive Intelligence EWS Market Assessment 
Business Development & Licensing

Indication and Asset Prioritization Forecasting and Valuation Target Product Profile (TPP) & Partnering Package Preparation Partner Identification and Reach Out 
Commercial

Forecasting and Valuation BI Dashboards Marketing and Digital Services Market Access Sales Analytics 


About Us

About i2e Work at i2e Contact Us

Partners

Partners

Resource Center

Blog Case Studies Webinars Events & News

Planisware Exchange 24 


X
 




















 


Why Organizations should use SharePoint for Document Management System - i2e Consulting                                

April 2, 2019                                

Document Management System is a system to store, organize, manage, and track the company’s electronic documents.
To keep a track of changes on Paper-based documents, organizations were spending an enormous amount of time and money. The accuracy and efficiency were questionable thus explaining the magnitude of the problem. To make it extremely feasible for the companies, i2e is helping the organizations by building a Document Management System.
Document Management System can be created on the various platform. However, the key to a successful system is its efficiency, speed, and collaboration with other departments. But most of the systems faced the performance issue often leading to frustration among the employees. The solution to this problem is by creating a Document Management System using SharePoint.
SharePoint, a part of Microsoft Office is a highly configurable web-based application to manage documents and Projects online. SharePoint helps in defining the process for an organization. You can integrate it with your CRM, ERP, finance applications and Email to improve collaboration.
7 Top Benefits of using Document Management System on SharePoint:

Document Management System supports version control, Audit, review, approval process, and user role-based permissions.
It also helps the user to store, organize, share and control company’s electronic documents.
Document Management System integrates it with CRM, ERPs or any external apps, create simple workflows to automate processes and improve productivity. If user has any application that is used extensively in an organization, the team of Microsoft certified professionals will find a way to integrate it with this Document Management System.
And since all these software operates from the cloud, you can access your files from anywhere around the world and with any device- be it a laptop, desktop, smartphone or tablet.
SharePoint is your single sign-on step where you get access to all the apps you need with just one sign-on.
Every organization strives to keep the sensitive data secure and SharePoint stores your data behind the firewall thus protecting the data.
With the help of Business Process Automation, organizations can automate the process and flow of Business documents reducing time and increasing productivity.

At i2e, we implement SharePoint to connect systems across our clients’ businesses to improve operational efficiency. We help our clients streamline workflows, increase transparency and improve document management. We work with clients to create a truly collaborative and connected environment, right from implementation and integration to training and technical support.
To know more about our services visit i2e Consulting


Tags: Business Process Automation, DMS Solution, Document Management System, Document Management Workflow, electronic document management system, Online Document Management, SharePoint DMS 












     Prev Post 

Next Post       







You might also like







Enhancing Sales and Marketing Collaborations with SharePoint and AI                                     








Data Security Matters: Safeguarding Pharma Information in SharePoint Implementation                                    








SharePoint and Teams in Modern Workplace Collaboration                                    








Is There a Need for Digital Innovation for SMB Pharma?                                    








Integrating Power BI to SharePoint                                    








Building Modern Workplaces with Microsoft 365                                    








Top 4 cloud migration benefits and infrastructure services                                    








Transform Your Business With The Azure ‘Lift And Shift’ Model                                    




















Contact Us




×

 




 








 



 





Solutions 



 Strategy & Consulting 



Business Research 



Business Development and Licensing 



Commercial 





Technologies 



PPM 



AI/ML 



Cloud 



Big Data 





Products 



Executive Dashboards 



Resource Management 



Competitive Intelligence 





About Us 



Blog 



Case Studies 



Contact Us 









© 2024 i2e Consulting. All Rights Reserved. 





Privacy Policy | Disclaimer 





 


Linkedin
 



Facebook
 



Instagram
 

























































