








PPM for project collaboration | Collaborative project Management | US,UK & India










































































 



















 
 








 
 
Technologies

Planisware Generative AI Project Online AI/ML SharePoint Cloud Big Data

Solutions

Strategy & Consulting

Strategic Portfolio Management R&D Portfolio Management Portfolio Decision Analytics Medical Affairs 
Business Research

Competitive Intelligence EWS Market Assessment 
Business Development & Licensing

Indication and Asset Prioritization Forecasting and Valuation Target Product Profile (TPP) & Partnering Package Preparation Partner Identification and Reach Out 
Commercial

Forecasting and Valuation BI Dashboards Marketing and Digital Services Market Access Sales Analytics 


About Us

About i2e Work at i2e Contact Us

Partners

Partners

Resource Center

Blog Case Studies Webinars Events & News

Planisware Exchange 24 


X
 




















 


PPM for project collaboration | Collaborative project Management | US,UK & India                                

February 22, 2022                                

Emails are simple and convenient, but they do more harm than good to your project management. Though emails are enticing to use, you should ditch this practice as soon as possible. You may wonder why it is imperative to have a proper collaboration system in place for project management. Read on as we tell you how emails are sabotaging your project management and how you can stop it. 
Five ways project management tools can promote better collaboration 
You may be doing everything to keep tabs on all the projects, but still, if there are certain loose ends, then it could be due to inefficiencies in your collaboration process. Though email is a great tool for communication, it is not designed for collaborations. 

Say no to tracking lengthy email chains 

In the biotechnology industry, projects are lengthy and can stretch for years, such projects have endless threads of conversations. If you are using emails to track and contain such conversations, things will get messy. With several members of your team sending emails all at once, keeping track of their daily work status is impossible. 
On the other hand, a project management tool is designed to manage such complex and lengthy conversations. With project management software tasks like resource allocation, setting up deadlines, creating project deliverables, etc., can be completed with accuracy and on time. 

Streamlined task management 

A project is a collection of various small tasks, which need to be assigned to everyone. Doing this over emails will cause confusion and misunderstanding. Also, there will not be any provision to have a bird’s eye view at the resource allocation and daily progress of the assigned tasks. 
With the best project management software, you can not only assign tasks systematically but also track them daily. Additionally, these solutions provide intelligent options to perform resource forecasting, managing the vast resource pool, building teams, etc. for more details refer to our blog on resource management. 

Avoid manual work and increase productivity 

Project management involves many tasks, some of which are repetitive. If you are using emails to collaborate with your team members, then you must manually collate all their information using excel sheets. This process is not only time-consuming but also error-prone. So, whenever you need summary reports of the project, you must execute the task from scratch every time. 
Specialized project management collaboration tools have options to automate most of the manual tasks. You can generate reports, and convert them into visuals with just a click. Be it a hundred sheets of clinical trials data or 6 GB of drug discovery data, you can organize it with just a click. 

Never miss critical insights 

It is a widespread practice for small and medium biotech companies for a project manager to wear multiple hats. For example, in an SME project management, a manager can co-lead the project with a technical lead. In such a scenario, hands-on data becomes vital. If you are using emails for project management, then you need to go through a dozen emails just to find out the status of a task.  
Using project management tools, you can track tasks as per the department and keep everyone on the same page. These solutions work on AI and ML which enables you to identify and extract crucial insights from your project data without the need to perform any manual work. 

Real-time collaboration  

Another crucial area of project management is having real-time control over the project. The project manager should be aware of every minute detail of what is happening within the project. If you are using emails for collaboration, then most of your time will be invested in searching for emails in your inbox, and that information is also not real-time. 
Project management software will help you have a bird’s eye view of the project with just a click. You will be able to view the progress in a project in real-time, this data can also help forecast the future trends of the project based on the current progress. 
Project management is more than just communicating with each other, it has special needs, and a software solution can help fulfill them. Unlike popular myths investing in a PPM tool is neither expensive nor time-consuming. All these tools are said to give a greater ROI and can be implemented in 1-2 quarters. 
i2e Consulting has 13 years in life science project management consulting. Our team is well versed with the implementation of Project Online, Planisware, etc., for global biotechnology companies.  


Tags: Biotech SME PPM, Project Management, Project Management in Pharma Manufacturing, SME Pharma, SME Project Management 












     Prev Post 

Next Post       







You might also like







Common Resource Allocation Challenges and How Digital PPM Solutions can Solve them                                    








Mastering Enterprise Project Portfolio Management: The Planisware Enterprise Advantage                                     








Why Planisware Orchestra is a one-stop solution for SMEs in Project Portfolio Management?                                    








Organizing data for Portfolio Decision Making                                    








Resource Management Made Easy with Microsoft Project Online                                    








Is There a Need for Digital Innovation for SMB Pharma?                                    








Pandemic Lessons: Why Healthcare Industry Should Engage Managed IT Services Provider.                                    








Planisware Orchestra and its role in New Product Development (NPD), from Strategy to execution                                    




















Contact Us




×

 




 








 



 





Solutions 



 Strategy & Consulting 



Business Research 



Business Development and Licensing 



Commercial 





Technologies 



PPM 



AI/ML 



Cloud 



Big Data 





Products 



Executive Dashboards 



Resource Management 



Competitive Intelligence 





About Us 



Blog 



Case Studies 



Contact Us 









© 2024 i2e Consulting. All Rights Reserved. 





Privacy Policy | Disclaimer 





 


Linkedin
 



Facebook
 



Instagram
 

























































