








Why the pharmaceutical industry is investing in Cloud Computing now more than ever? - i2e Consulting









































































 



















 
 








 
 
Technologies

Planisware Generative AI Project Online AI/ML SharePoint Cloud Big Data

Solutions

Strategy & Consulting

Strategic Portfolio Management R&D Portfolio Management Portfolio Decision Analytics Medical Affairs 
Business Research

Competitive Intelligence EWS Market Assessment 
Business Development & Licensing

Indication and Asset Prioritization Forecasting and Valuation Target Product Profile (TPP) & Partnering Package Preparation Partner Identification and Reach Out 
Commercial

Forecasting and Valuation BI Dashboards Marketing and Digital Services Market Access Sales Analytics 


About Us

About i2e Work at i2e Contact Us

Partners

Partners

Resource Center

Blog Case Studies Webinars Events & News

Planisware Exchange 24 


X
 




















 


Why the pharmaceutical industry is investing in Cloud Computing now more than ever? - i2e Consulting                                

June 25, 2019                                

Pharmaceutical companies deal with a vast amount of sensitive and intellectual data daily, this together with compliance and regulatory guidelines holds them from adopting cloud technology. While their reservations could not be nullified a few years back but today cloud technology has evolved and provides improved privacy, security, and compliance. This is evident as the Healthcare Information and Management Systems Society analytics survey reports that over 83% of pharmaceutical companies are already using cloud technology.  
This makes us wonder what has changed in recent years that has led to pharmaceuticals embracing the cloud. 
Cloud is not just a storage solution
Cloud today addresses significant privacy, security, and compliance challenges that the pharmaceutical industry faces. They have certifications that show cloud complies with health security and privacy regulations of the countries where organizations do business, which has helped develop trust among pharma companies. 
No leading cloud service provider is limited to storage; the cloud is beyond infrastructure. In addition to a storage solution, the cloud offers many functionalities that help collaborate better, access published research more quickly, and minimize human error.  
Cloud Computing is transforming the way the pharmaceutical industry works  
If you are a Drug Discovery Company, you can avail cloud-based high-performance computing (HPC). This will help researchers on-demand access to virtually unlimited storage and computing resources that can help organize resources and guide initial surveys thereby saving valuable time during early R&D stages. There are a number of organizations who have tapped in Artificial Intelligence and machine learning of cloud analytics to speed up commercial results. 
Who better than Drug Development Company to understand the importance of clinical trials? Cloud today offers social listening tools that help understand volunteer experience in clinical trials. This increases security, reduces trial dropouts, and speeds up drug developments. In addition, cloud also helps researchers aggregate clinical data and analyze them at a granular level. 
Pharmaceuticals often collaborate to discover and develop new drugs. Cloud can help companies come together to share a common platform while keeping independent data secured. 
Why Cloud? 
Trust: Security and privacy are paramount in the pharma industry; cloud data centres take every care to ensure your organization meets the compliance requirements of regulators. Periodic updates and automatic security patches ensure data safety. 
Scalability: Cloud provides storage for processing a massive amount of data. Depending on your need you can scale up or scale down instantly. 
Economics: Few organizations have the resources to set up and manage largescale data centres. Cloud service enables you to free up resources so you can easily scale up as and when required. 
Choice: Choose public, private or hybrid cloud for your organization depending on your requirement. 
Choose the right cloud service with these checklists: 
Does it provide certificates, that it complies health, regulation and security regulations of the country you do business in? Does it offer more than infrastructure, such as platforms that support core functions for productivity, communications and analytics? Does it work on-premise? Does it work across multiple devices and technologies from multiple cloud? 
The cloud computing in pharmaceutical industry market is projected to experience record growth as regulatory issues are expected to resolve amid settling security fears. Pharmaceutical companies increasingly look to cloud services to focus on bringing safe, effective drugs to market as quickly as possible. 
We at i2e, provide Azure cloud service, migration and consulting to help pharmaceuticals harness the power of cloud. Please feel free to contact us for any queries. 


Tags: Azure Cloud Computing, azure cloud migration, Azure Cloud Services, Cloud Computing, Cloud Services, Cloud Technology 












     Prev Post 

Next Post       







You might also like







A Pharma Success Story: How a Generative AI Chatbot Helped in Driving Swift Query Resolution in Clinical Trials                                     








Executive Dashboards for Pharmaceutical Companies                                    








5 Ways Microsoft PowerApps Can Transform Your Business.                                    








Technological Positives of 2020                                    








Unlocking the Potential of Data Lakes in the Life Sciences Industry                                    








Top 4 cloud migration benefits and infrastructure services                                    








Transform Your Business With The Azure ‘Lift And Shift’ Model                                    








Application Migration and Modernization with Azure                                    




















Contact Us




×

 




 








 



 





Solutions 



 Strategy & Consulting 



Business Research 



Business Development and Licensing 



Commercial 





Technologies 



PPM 



AI/ML 



Cloud 



Big Data 





Products 



Executive Dashboards 



Resource Management 



Competitive Intelligence 





About Us 



Blog 



Case Studies 



Contact Us 









© 2024 i2e Consulting. All Rights Reserved. 





Privacy Policy | Disclaimer 





 


Linkedin
 



Facebook
 



Instagram
 

























































