








Why work from home if you can Work from Mountains! - i2e Consulting









































































 



















 
 








 
 
Technologies

Planisware Generative AI Project Online AI/ML SharePoint Cloud Big Data

Solutions

Strategy & Consulting

Strategic Portfolio Management R&D Portfolio Management Portfolio Decision Analytics Medical Affairs 
Business Research

Competitive Intelligence EWS Market Assessment 
Business Development & Licensing

Indication and Asset Prioritization Forecasting and Valuation Target Product Profile (TPP) & Partnering Package Preparation Partner Identification and Reach Out 
Commercial

Forecasting and Valuation BI Dashboards Marketing and Digital Services Market Access Sales Analytics 


About Us

About i2e Work at i2e Contact Us

Partners

Partners

Resource Center

Blog Case Studies Webinars Events & News

Planisware Exchange 24 


X
 




















 


Why work from home if you can Work from Mountains! - i2e Consulting                                

October 21, 2020                                

In this new normal, life of a city dweller is restricted to 1000 sq. ft, that suffices our bedroom, workstation, recreation center and whatever you wish it to be. Everything has taken a backseat and we should feel privileged and blessed if we are healthy, have food on our table, and a job. But it is easier said than done. In this virtual world we crave that in-person interaction, monotony has taken a toll, and the lack of motivation is evident.  
This is 2020, we have seen it all, a pandemic, the entire world going into a lockdown, cyclones, power outage, News channels blowing up, so why not try something positive. How about shifting base to the mountains?   
Imagine yourself, waking up to the sound of the river Beas, melodious sound of mountain birds, the view from your room shows first light of the day dawn over the snow-clad mountain peaks. Yes, it is possible, and we are totally doing this. 




Our organization is pro remote working, if we have an official laptop and a working internet connection, we are pretty much sorted. So, when the mountains are calling, you got to go. More than a break it has become a necessity for many among us. So, work from mountains for a month it is.  
Safety is paramount, the change is refreshing but not at the cost of safety. The entire group got themselves tested before getting together. We are following safety guidelines to the ‘t’, wearing masks when in public, and avoiding crowds.  
Experience Mountain Life 
Pure and fresh air, some exercise (surprisingly morning trails have become a norm before breakfast these days), sufficient sun (Vitamin D for immunity), and reliving old days by having food together. 

The cottage we have rented is spacious. You can work from any corner you want, join meetings from the garden, and reach out to your colleague in person. If anything, the pandemic has helped us appreciate the little things in life which we were so casual about.   
Netflix binge watch is being replaced by evening bonfires and barbecue, sharing experiences under the stars, learning new things. If authorities permit and safety measures allow, we might explore weekend treks. Things are going well so far and I’m happy I came here.  
We always say, i2e is a family, today I feel we are living like one.  
This initiative will help local businesses that are badly hit these last few months, we would urge everyone to follow guidelines, if unsure get yourself tested for COVID-19 before moving here and please help keep the environment clean by disposing your garbage properly.  
Keep calm, stay safe. Go explore the mountains!! 


Tags: i2e consulting, i2e family, Mountain work life, Work From Mountains 












     Prev Post 

Next Post       







You might also like







Improved employee satisfaction and productivity with work from home policy                                    








Is Your Data Ready for Generative AI: A Guide for Life Sciences Organizations                                      








Change Management- What is it? And Why Should Project Managers Understand and Own it                                     








A Pharma Success Story: How a Generative AI Chatbot Helped in Driving Swift Query Resolution in Clinical Trials                                     








What is Generative AI & How Can Life Sciences Organizations Benefit from it                                     








Common Resource Allocation Challenges and How Digital PPM Solutions can Solve them                                    








Mastering Enterprise Project Portfolio Management: The Planisware Enterprise Advantage                                     








Why Planisware Orchestra is a one-stop solution for SMEs in Project Portfolio Management?                                    




















Contact Us




×

 




 








 



 





Solutions 



 Strategy & Consulting 



Business Research 



Business Development and Licensing 



Commercial 





Technologies 



PPM 



AI/ML 



Cloud 



Big Data 





Products 



Executive Dashboards 



Resource Management 



Competitive Intelligence 





About Us 



Blog 



Case Studies 



Contact Us 









© 2024 i2e Consulting. All Rights Reserved. 





Privacy Policy | Disclaimer 





 


Linkedin
 



Facebook
 



Instagram
 


























































